While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
A hockey player looks intently downward.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A group of children is playing tambourines
room where work is done.
A surfer on a wave.
a unit of military aircraft.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
There is no man screaming
A woman is slicing a cucumber
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A girl is communicating with sign language
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
A brown dog in running on grass.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
An officer is talking to the recruits
emit a steady even light without flames.
remove the pod, husk or shell
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
any accounting period of 12 months.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
A banana is being peeled by a person
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The cat is playing keyboards
Fool or hoax (someone).
A child playing in water.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
A lemur is hanging on a cord
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
One young lady is jumping on the car
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
Look furtively at something.
the act of passing something to another person.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
A swan is flying through a body of water.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
reverse the winding or twisting of.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
The man is playing a game on a lawn
A man is peeling an onion
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
A person is not tearing paper
cause to become widely known.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
give an incentive for action.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
an abundance of something
indistinct articulation.
the act of taking an offer
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Two men are leaving the stage
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A skier about to go down the mountain.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
A man is boiling noodles in water
Three dogs run through a field.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
prepare for/put to action or use
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
A woman is dancing near a fire
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
A boy is studying a calendar
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
A man is removing some food from a box
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
There is no man diving off a cliff
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
A person is playing the keyboard
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
Three people preparing to canoe.
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
A woman is slicing a potato
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
prevent the progress or free movement of.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
be equal to in quality or ability.
a written message of nonacceptance
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
the center region of an object
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
A man is sitting on the beach
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
the act of giving someone a job.
The persons are singing and dancing
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
a man sits on a rock.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
(cause to) become less intense or strict
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
Some kittens are eating
A man is shooting with a gun
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
A tiger is walking around
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
A dog jumps over a chain.
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
Racers are running down a track
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
The man is lowering barbells
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
Two dogs play together in the yard.
provide housing for.
a brown dog plays with the hose.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
The turtle is following the red fish
The woman is slicing a tomato
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
Two children are hanging on a large branch
The girl is riding the horse
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
the space where a division or parting occurs.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
A brown dog is running along a beach.
A sheep grazing in a field.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
design for a specific purpose
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A train traveling down the tracks.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
A person is writing
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
appear in a certain way.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
Three young girls are dancing in the room
take up someone's soul into heaven.
place too much a load on.
There is no man cutting onions
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
Two dogs are being petted by a man
Three boys are jumping off a platform
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
a flock of sheep or goats
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
the act of putting something in working order again.
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A person is folding a sheet
A dog rolls on the ground.
touch or hold with the hands
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
the status of being a champion.
There is no dog running on the road
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
ATVs are being driven by three people
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
have a wish or desire to know something.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
A dog is running with a ball
something considered trite but amusing
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
talk in a tearful manner.
place into the ground for growing
move or gather in a hive
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
three dogs playing on a beach
A horse is running
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A tan dog leaps into the water.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A white dog walking in the snow.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
A girl jumping in the grass.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
A man is standing on a roof
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Three brown dogs are in the water.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
Two dogs are playing inside
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A woman is riding a horse
A woman is cutting some flowers
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
The man is not talking on the phone
physical force that draws objects together
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A woman is not riding a horse
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
There is no man playing a piano
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
a supplementary part or accessory.
Boat sails in rough water.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
A young boy is running a race.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
send from one person or place to another.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
An animal is biting someone's finger
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
A man is dancing
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Two dogs are running in the field.
A brown dog is running in a field.
the uppermost area of region of something
A skier speeds through the snow.
Two cows standing in a large field.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
Two dogs running along dirt path.
A man is mowing a lawn
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
A dog is playing in the green field
coerce by violence or with threats.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A white plane on the runway.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
There is no woman deep frying food
The dogs are running through the yard.
The act of creating written works.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
The boy is playing in the mud
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
The man is lifting weights
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
the quality of being significant.
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
A woman and three kids play at a park.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A small dog is lying on a bed
beat severely with a whip or rod.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A woman is brushing her feet
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
A man is opening a box with a knife
A group of people are walking
The man is practicing the guitar
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
A black dog, running on grass.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
A close-up of a horse.
Someone is playing with a frog
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
to combat or oppose someone or something
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
The man is not dancing
A white dog runs on a beach.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
move as if through a sieve.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
The men are performing on stage
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
the act of taking of a person by force.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
unite or merge with something already in existence.
The turtle isn't following the fish
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The surfer is riding a small wave
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
a social occasion, often official or formal
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
A man climbing a cliff face.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
sentence_B
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
allow to have.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
A man in a cap is playing a harp
The dog runs through the water.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
There is no woman slicing a potato
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
have a disagreement over something.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
fall between two taxonomic groups
Women are sawing logs
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
A person is riding a bike
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
system of arrangement
Two dogs run through mud.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
A man is climbing a rope
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
the act of examining resemblances.
A woman is putting make-up on
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
Two white puppies are playing near water
Furnish with metal spurs.
No little dog is running on the sand
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
Two dogs running in the dirt
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
furnish with a guideline
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
The birds are swimming in the water.
give up what is not strictly needed.
hunt with hawks.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
One girl is jumping on the car
Many football players sitting on the ground.
a channel of social communication
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
The man is granting an interview
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
an interpretation of a text or action.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
the speech act of making something evident.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
cause to be hanging or suspended.
persuade somebody to accept something.
a small dog steps onto a log.
A man is lifting barbells
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
marriage offer
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
There is no rope being climbed by a man
A child is waking up
a stronghold.
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
put a harness.
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A man is singing and walking down the road
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
be a summary of.
enclose in or as if in a frame.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
function in a particular manner when moving
A man is petting two dogs
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
Nobody is floating on a raft
A woman is riding an animal
exercise authoritative control or power over.
A young child is splashing in the water
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
put in a horizontal position.
utter in a certain way
There is no man sharpening a knife
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
a tan dog swimming in some water
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
be or act in association with.
A blonds girl is surfing
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
make (a surface) shine.
an informal right to something.
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
situate, position, come to rest
A child is hitting a baseball
cause to become awake or alert
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
pass the tongue over.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
A woman is playing the trumpet
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
feel the need to eat.
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
The man is performing a large jump
There is no man carrying a woman
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
The woman is not cooking something
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
the state of being active.
A man is running in a field
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
a boy falls off his red bike.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A collie running through the snow.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
highly infectious viral disease
The man is going into the lake
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
cancel, reverse, annul
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
the power to use something or someone.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
abrupt state of disbelief about something
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
A man is sharpening a knife
A woman is walking with a red bag.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
The act of providing approval and support.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
Ask for and get something for free.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
Two dogs in a stream.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
A man rock climbing.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
The dogs play in the snow.
A squirrel is lying down
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
A man is making a sketch
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
The man is eating cereal
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
medium of exchange minted by a government
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Two dogs are running through a green yard
The guitar is being played by a man
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
The flute is being played by the woman
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
seal, insulate or protect
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
A person is riding a motorcycle
There is no cat playing with a device
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Two men are playing ping pong
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
A baby is playing a guitar
catch fire.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
(cause to) return after being refused
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
A black dog jumps through the water.
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A man is slicing a potato
be the host of or for.
There is no biker jumping in the air
The child is playing with toys outdoors
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
contain or hold; have within.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A man is not playing keyboards
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
give surety or assume responsibility.
the high value or worth of something.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
The man and woman are strolling
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
a partial denture
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A child goes skiing.
The dog is running through the wet sand
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Three boys playing soccer.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
A woman is frying something in a pan
a disease of the heart.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
A man is slicing potatoes
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
destruction of a ship
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
cause to be/show to be invalid
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
hold in a given state or situation
remove shells or husks from.
Rewrite in a different script.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
The boy is riding a tricycle
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
Black and white dog running outside.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
a large or extra supply of something.
cause to be alert and energetic.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
A person is playing a piano
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
put up with something unpleasant
an intuitive understanding of something.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
People are riding and paddling a raft
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
There is no woman slicing potatoes
A girl is playing on a swing.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
a creased or bent form
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
partake in a feast or banquet.
be affected with smut or mildew
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
A woman is firing a rifle
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
There is no man mowing grass
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
The little cat is playing with a toy
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A person is tearing sheets
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
contrast with equal weight or force.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A boy riding on a swing.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
There are no children playing and waiting
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
A brown and white dog running into the water
Two dogs running through the grass.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
A group is not riding the current in a raft
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
reach a destination or goal
Some cats are playing with each other
An officer is listening to the recruits
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
Two women are happily dancing
A person is being kicked by a monkey
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
prove or corroborate
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
A dog jumps high in the snow.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Two women in a clothing store.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
make or become more acute or intense
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
Two dogs running through a field.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
A man is racing
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Leave to someone after one's death.
cause to be firmly attached.
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
A toddler is sitting in a seat
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
cause to procreate (animals).
get involved with or mixed up
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A man is untying a rope
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
A small bird eating from the feeder.
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
A guitar is being played by a woman
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
Two children hug one another.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A bunch of people is on the shore
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
arrangement
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
A woman is staging a dance
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
A man is running
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
A brown dog running through the grass.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
revolve
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
The crowd is not watching a football game
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
Sniff at inquiringly.
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
an approximate attribute or quality of something
verify something by comparing to a standard
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A person is removing the butter from a tray
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
A woman runs on the beach.
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
Move oneself very fast.
a state or act of gaining pleasure
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
request or demand something from someone
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Three dogs playing on grass.
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
A woman is parking a Seadoo
There is no girl riding a horse
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
the event consisting of the start of something.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
cause to grow thin or weak.
become or cause to become obstructed.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
get rid of.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Three children are running down hill
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
Two dogs are resting on the beach
Two kids playing with a dog.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
a movement back from an impact.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A dog is running toward the camera.
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A person is eating at a table
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
A woman is chopping an onion
Remove tree stumps from an area.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
lessen in force or effect.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
There is no man massaging a woman
A person is recklessly riding a horse
submit, send to
A man in a tux on a white horse.
A man is using a knife to open a box
examine minutely.
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
shine intensely, as if with heat.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
The person is brushing a cat
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
arrange a program of or for.
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
the context or setting in which something takes place
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
cast off, get rid of something
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
A man is standing on a sidewalk
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
work material with a tool
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
give to a charity or good cause.
destroy a ship.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
A toddler is sitting down
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
relative darkness of a color
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
Woman at table busy with something.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
Four people are silently standing outdoors
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
maintain, assert, or claim
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
A classroom is full of students
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
a computer server
a computer-generated visual image
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
react verbally.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A brown puppy is biting a pole
The man is stirring oil
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
Four people rowing down a river.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
A dog running in the grass.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
The person is playing the guitar
force to go away by blinking.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
social ranking or position
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
the act of leading or guiding others
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
become liquid or fluid when heated.
argue or speak in defense of.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
The lamb is looking at the camera.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
A dog is sleeping on the ground
A horse is falling on someone
A man is dropping a tree
sheep standing in afield.
start abruptly.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
Performance, routine
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
an impression that something might be the case.
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Two people sitting on a dock.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Two men are not fighting
There is no man playing a keyboard
an abundance or profusion of something
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
A dog is chasing a ball
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
There is no dog racing on a track
physical matter left behind after a removal process
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
separate with or as if with an instrument.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A piano is being played by a person
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
A dog is running along the grass.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
An area that is central within some larger region.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
There is no person slicing an onion
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
A player is running with the ball
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Make or create something for a specific function.
the act of dropping something.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A black dog running in the snow.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
propagation of waves back from a surface
tag the base runner to get him out.
Football players are stretching together.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
indicate a decision or prediction
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
cross on foot.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
insert or close with a plug
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
the state of being depleted.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
state of being active
the act of expressing approval, support of something
Two cats are playing with a red ball
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
The boys are standing and burning a car
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
The man isn't talking on the telephone
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
room where work or repairs are done
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
A woman is not cutting tofu
Two people are in bed.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
There is no white car being driven by the man
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
Mimes are performing on a small stage
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
the price of a good or service
an itemized statement of money owed
A man with a camera is studying the subject
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
A girl riding a brown horse.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
a dog runs across the path.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
make new.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
the justification for some act or belief.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
The man is playing the piano with his nose
the act of perpetrating a crime
A dog is sitting on the ground
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
the successful action of solving a problem.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
The small dog protects its owner.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
something recalled to the mind.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
A fish is being cut by a man
the act of breaking something.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
Trains inside an indoor station.
produce a click.
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
form a carpet-like cover (over).
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
Make reference to something.
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
A person is folding a piece of paper
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
A moped in front of ruins.
A woman is not frying some food
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
forcefully request
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
limit the range or extent of.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
A dog shakes off water
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
be located at or on top of something
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
severance from a social connection or tie
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
Young men are dancing in front of some people
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
The person is not riding the horse
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
duplicate, match
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
a state of extreme poverty.
A woman is chopping broccoli
A white dog is standing in a lake
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
A person is singing and playing the guitar
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
People are playing cricket
A man is not talking on the phone
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A close-up of a black train engine.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
Two dogs jumping on each other.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
A man is drawing some figures
The man is playing with a skull
make colder, or icy, using ice
Two children splashing in the water.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
The dog is having a rest in the park
A group of guys play instruments outside.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
A man is not playing the guitar
use up (resources or materials).
cover with wooden boards; secure
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
The person is not standing on white ice
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A man is singing into a microphone
A black dog is playing in the snow.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
A car parked in front of train tracks.
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
turn on or around an axis or a center.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
Someone is not reading the email
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
A dog is having fun with a toy
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
a group of children playing with a dog
The guitar player is loving one girl
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A white airplane is on a runway.
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
A girl is playing a flute
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
A woman is slicing carrots
Two animals are running through high grass
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
An instance of visual perception.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Rugby players are not tackling each other
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
A woman is peeling food
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
A child is making a snow ball
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
measure the time or duration of
A greyish dog running in the snow.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
A man is tying a shoe
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
A woman is not frying meat
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
A dog is wading in the water.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
organize or be responsible for.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
observe, perceive
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The men are climbing a mountain
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
cause to move faster.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
discipline in personal and social activities.
A man is mowing grass
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
Two dogs running on the beach.
go up or advance.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The study subject is a camera man
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
stick out, jut out, protrude
Bring back to life, return from the dead
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
festive social event, celebration
move in an irregular course
A computer operating on a desk.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
express or transform in a new form or language
Three dogs play by a lake.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
A dog runs on brown grass.
A person in pink is running onto the field
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
A man is walking in a yard
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
hunt for hawks
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
A chef is discarding some food
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
the popular taste at a given time.
A boy is saying a word
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
The person is practicing the guitar
The guitar is being played by a girl
A man is moving gracefully
cover with a primer base
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A woman is being massaged by a man
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
persuade or achieve acceptance
The boy is playing a guitar
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
the act of flipping an object into the air
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
some situation or event that is thought about.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
The man is slicing vegetables
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A man is slicing a tomato
The trumpet is being played by a man
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
a brief attempt at some endeavor
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
The woman is removing make-up
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
time during which some action is awaited.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
An instance or action of being incorrect.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
Someone is holding a hedgehog
give to, and receive from, one another.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
A black and a yellow dog
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
to lecture formally to an audience
Three people in a glass structure.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
The woman is measuring a man
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A biker is riding away from a fence
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Something that provides advice.
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
the act of committing a crime.
A man is driving a vehicle
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A woman is cutting fruit
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
The person is writing
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
the act of losing someone or something.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
determine the essential quality of.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
the act of spending or disbursing money.
A man is naked and standing still
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
The black dog runs through the water.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A man is mixing
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A dog is running through the snow.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
Two men are holding fishing poles
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
A man is eating onion slices
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A man is dancing on a roof 
Red double decker bus with hood open.
The man with a hard hat is dancing
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
A large white bird flying over water.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
A woman poses with a baby.
damage the reputation of.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
A brown dog is running on grass.
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog is running on a snowy road
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
There is no man dancing
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
make a causal or logical connection; group together
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
A sheep standing in a forest.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
a usually brief attempt.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
Someone is typing on a keyboard
Some people are singing
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
Three dogs walking in the grass.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
the state of being angry.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
The man is slicing a potato
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Assign a new time for an event
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
energy in the form of molecular motion
Black and white cows behind a fence.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
manner of handling, managing someone or something
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
A cat looking out of a window.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
A person is dancing in the rain
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
the act of annoying someone or something
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
a formal association of people with similar interests.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
burst into flames (telic)
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
Two cows graze in a field.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
A man is not riding a bicycle
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
One woman is peeling a potato
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
a cue given to someone for assistance
Give an incentive or reason for action.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
A dog is biting a can
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
be in some specified state or condition.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
A lady is cutting up some meat
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
reshow a play or broadcast
A man performs a skateboard trick.
A dog runs through the snow.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
hold or carry in equilibrium.
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
(cause to) happen at a later time
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
a white dog runs across the water.
Two dogs in snow.
catch in or as if in a trap.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
The child is silent
A man is standing in front of a wall
A woman is washing a big pepper
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
The women are not singing and dancing
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
A woman is surfing
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
a computer program that performs system support
A group of people in a living room.
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
Some dogs are playing in a river
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
A man is riding an electric bicycle
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
be a sign or indication of.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
Give suck to; receive suck.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
make images or sounds less sharp
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
There is no monkey kicking a person
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
There is no one peeling a banana
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
final stage of an event or activity
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
women's sleeveless undergarment
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A seabird is flying over some rocks
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
Some women are talking
A person is brushing a cat
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Cereal is being eaten by the man
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
advance or set forward in court
A yellow boat on shore.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
assign to a particular task
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
The oil is being stirred by a man
cause friction; wear away or erode
A child walking in the snow.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
Two dogs are playing on a beach
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
make shine
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A man is coming out of the water
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
There is no man playing a guitar
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A plane being readied for take-off.
the act of putting something somewhere.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
a visual characterization of something
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A jockey riding a horse.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
Rugby is being played by some men
Travel on foot.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
There is no dog running on the beach
the time yet to come.
A man is putting down the guitar
have certain properties when driven.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
A man is cutting a tomato
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
A train is at a train station.
Two children are rolling in clean water
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
provide lodging for
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
A flute is being played by a girl
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
make fit for a specific purpose
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A sheep standing near her children.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
A dog is biting a black frisbee
There is no man cutting tomatoes
be given to, come into the possession of
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
Some men are fighting
Two blond girls are playing together.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
regard something as probable or likely.
cook on a hot surface using fat.
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
The two boys play in the field.
A man and child in front of a billboard
put or set into, between or among
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
a rank or position relative to others
The red bus is on the street.
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A person on a snowmobile.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
There is no baby talking
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A man is cutting tomatoes
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
There is no man playing guitar
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
Two dogs are playing outside
Three children stand on or near a fence.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
operating or traveling via a vehicle
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
A black and white dog is running outdoors
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
attack as if with claws.
something that is made real or concrete.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A man is chopping an onion
A baby is not playing a guitar
come up, as of liquid or gas
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
A boy is mowing the lawn
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
clear mucus from one's throat
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
The black dog is not running through the grass
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
The man is playing the guitar
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
pass time in a particular place or way
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
Two buses parked on a street.
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A white horse is standing
Two cubs are playing
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A dog running in the surf.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
make believe with the intent to deceive.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
the act of taking something that is offered.
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
Living room or den with large screen television.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
There is no man eating a pizza
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
cause to be interested or curious.
Two men are standing in the ocean
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
The man is rising from a swamp
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
Blue bird standing on green grass.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
have flavor; taste of something.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
Kids play in the water
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A man is cutting an onion
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
A woman is grating carrots
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
scoop up, as if with a ladle
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
A group of young women stand together.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
A baby is playing with a doll
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A boy is playing a keyboard
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
an exclusive, privileged group of people
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
The cat is playing with a watermelon
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
a chance to do something.
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
set or ask for a certain price.
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
an accounting period of 12 months
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
the action of placing or situating an object
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
A dog is catching a ball
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Two dogs are running together outside.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
A man is opening a door
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
the act of putting something to use.
A man is reloading a shotgun
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A boy is rock climbing.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The man is slicing potatoes
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
A potato is being peeled by a person
the act of spending, disbursing funds
hurl as if with a sling.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
a small, indefinite portion of something
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
the act of making a proposal.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
the consequence or aftermath of something
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
fail to do something; leave something undone.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
learn by repetition.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
the center of an object.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
A cruise ship docked at shore.
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
A golden retriever is running
the state of being employed
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
open again, open anew
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
A band is playing some instruments
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
The man is speaking on the telephone
Produce a phonemic click.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
A man is playing a guitar
an indication of some hidden activity.
Dalmation running along the beach.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
Someone is slicing a tomato
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A bike jumps through the air.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
Two children are playing soccer in the park
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
A girl is riding a horse
starting page of a website
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
The woman is dicing a carrot
Three men playing baseball.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
A cold cyclist is celebrating
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
preserve in a can or tin.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
the day before today
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
A woman is riding a Seadoo
Two people are not riding motorbikes
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
The cat is licking a bottle
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
Two girls are playing guitar
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
A fish is swimming
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
give or convey physically.
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
throw quickly.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
A dog is running on the sea shore
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
A squirrel is running in circles
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
the verbal act of offering.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
A child playing on a playground play set.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
idolize/show devotion to
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
mean or intend to express or convey.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
A group of people is near the sea
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A deer jumping over a fence.
two dogs running in grass
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
the greatest possible degree of something.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
The rhino is being fed on the grass
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
A woman is cutting an onion
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
A monkey is riding a bike
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
There is no man playing the guitar
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
Two men are swimming in deep water
injure by turning or rotating
the act of exploding or bursting.
one fourth of a year
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
A dog runs across the grassy field.
speed up the process of
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
deal with according to routine or procedure
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A lion is slowly moving around
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
A woman is cutting broccoli
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A boy and a dog running on grass
A woman is chopping up garlic
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
carry out or perform an action.
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
mark with scars
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
a happening or incident of human significance
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
The woman is slicing an onion
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
A black and white dog is running through the field.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
A man is playing a flute
A young boy is jumping off a chair
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
a boxing or wrestling match.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
the act of liberating someone or something.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
A band is playing onstage
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
Three people are driving ATVs
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
an established line of travel or access.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
A dog is running on the beach.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
A man is sharpening a weapon
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
Five birds stand on the snow.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A man is harping on about a play
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
Put a harness on.
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
A girl sliding down a pole
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A man is drawing on a board
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
Provide medical care for.
Small office space with bright green walls.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
write as if with print; not cursive.
give, dedicate, pledge
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
a group of nations having common interests.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
A man is singing and playing a guitar
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
Four children are doing backbends in the park
The woman is not waterskiing
A baby is not crawling happily
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
act or do something in reaction to something
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
A large pile of scrap wood.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
a dog jumps into the pond.
A biker jumps an obstacles.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A toy train is striking a toy car
a dog plays in the snow.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
the force used in pulling.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
take into one's family.
People and camels at a beach.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
cause to become alive again.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
to make less distinct or clear.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
The man is not playing a flute
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
A girl is playing a guitar
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
A group of sheep in a field.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
A frog is being handled by the woman
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
There is no kid playing guitar
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A puppy running along a street.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
manipulate the registers of an organ.
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
The deer is not jumping over the fence
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Man sleeping on the street.
A man is not cutting an onion
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
Red sports car racing down track.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
Two people are standing on a bench
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
Two men are hugging
A boy is blowing bubbles
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A girl jumping in a puddle.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
fill with high spirits
cause to be in brief contact with.
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
The military officer is barking at the recruits
confine as if in a prison.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A woman is not eating a cupcake
the act of pulling a load
Two black dogs in the snow.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
changing one thing for another
identify or pick out someone or something
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
look at or observe something or someone
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
create something in the mind
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
A deer is standing inside a fence
Three children playing on the floor.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
A man climbing a rock-face.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
A man is putting away a guitar
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
get or find back; recover the use of.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
The act of beginning something new.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
Someone is dirtying an animal
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
There is no parrot speaking
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
an established or recognized right.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
A group of people is on a beach
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
the act of rubbing a surface
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
A woman is slicing a vegetable
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
A man is removing the peel of an onion
make a written note of something
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
A train parked at a train station.
Two dogs in a yard.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
throw with force
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
A dog running on the grass
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
location sheltered from the wind
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
the extreme endpoint of something
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
a sudden, brief burst of light
increase in extent or intensity.
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Turn the paddle or oar.
a prediction of the course of a disease.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
be or have a quality of being
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
consider again, usually with a view to changing
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
a dog sprints across the grass.
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
Garlic is being diced by the woman
An animal is running tiredly in circles
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A boy is walking across a bridge
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
A woman is putting on makeup
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
A person is not holding a skunk
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A small dog leaps in the water.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
A jet is flying
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A girl is awakening
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
The person is slicing a vegetable
shoot down, of birds.
A young girl is dancing
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
A bike rider on a ramp.
A person is slicing some onions
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A passenger train in the snow.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
move from one place to another.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
computer text files
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A man dances on a colorful wall.
Two dogs play on the grass.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
A black dog is shaking off water.
take up, as of debts or payments.
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
The girl is painting a coverall blue
the selection of a lottery winner
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
become due
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
do something considered below one's diginty
move with a thrashing motion.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
The small boy is standing in the forest
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
wear away or erode.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
People are walking through a street which is crowded
One small child is drinking water from the cup
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Weights are being lifted by the man
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
the act of planning or deliberating
an obligation to pay or do something.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
appear or become visible; make a showing.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
A man is singing
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Close up of a bottle of water.
cause to go into a solution.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
The black and white dog is running in a field
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
There is no dog running with a volleyball
a native of ancient Troy.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
The man is doing a magic trick
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
serve as the inciting cause of.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
A child is falling asleep
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
guide, draw through
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
to act as the host of
the act of ending something.
the introductory section of a story.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
The lady is slicing a tomato
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
A cat is eating some corn
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
a close up head of an ostrich.
A man is playing a large flute
do better in a competition; win
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A dog running fast in the sand.
A man is riding a motorcycle
the act of mixing together.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
Some food is being eaten by a man
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
induce into action by using one's charm.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
The man is riding a mechanical bull
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
the act of arriving at a certain place
the act of people having sex
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
beat or pound rapidly
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A cute panda is not lying down
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
A topless girl is covered in paint
The doctor is helping the patient
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
Some racers are swimming in a lake
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
A white dog is running through the snow.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
the fashionable elite.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
tell or spread rumors; say
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
A man is doing exercise
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
move in a group or flock
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
A harp is being played by a man
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
Men are sawing
place or lay as if in a pile
The deer is jumping over the low fence
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
A surfer is riding the wave
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
An animal is emerging from a lake
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
a surfer rides up the wave.
Young boys running along the pavement.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
The woman is dancing
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
A man is praying fervently
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
Three young women standing in a room together.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A small black dog is in the grass.
A dog digging in the sand.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
A man is doing a card trick
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
A tiger is walking around a cage
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
an indication of damage.
immerse briefly into liquid or container
a group of sheep or goats.
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Room with several computer monitors.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
People travel up the elevator together.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
something serving as a cover or protection.
The cats are not playing with each other
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
put in the mind of someone.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
thread on or as if on a string.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
the noise of something rapping against a surface
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
to ignite or catch on fire
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
The man is cutting the tape on the box
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
run or flow slowly
the state of having one's weight supported
A woman is walking in a city street
go around the rim of
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
maintain or assert.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
have a monopoly of; control fully
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A sea turtle is hunting for food
Two white dogs are running together.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
A man is having lunch
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
become unfit for consumption or use.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
A black cat is swinging on a fan
A dog walks on the beach.
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
A man is eating a fruit
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
A man is praying
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
The patient is helping the doctor
A person is diving into clear blue water.
Two baby pandas are playing
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
A person is slicing a potato
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
a collection of something, often a large amount
A cat is playing keyboards
state or explain the meaning
raise from a lower to a higher position.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
Create an electrical short in something.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
a pair of people who live together.
The monkey is brushing the dog
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
A man is not participating in a bmx race
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
A woman is peppering green slices
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
remove tree stumps from.
There is no chef preparing a meal
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Some people are walking
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
make a sharp sound.
A state of confusion or disorder.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
A plane flying near the sunset.
Create a coating for something.
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
A black dog is running in the grass
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
A lady is standing near three children
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
cause to be alert or energetic
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
A television with a show on.
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
A woman is throwing a potato peel
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
(construction) a layer of masonry.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
A few people are dancing
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
A woman is unstitching with a machine
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
A group of Asian girls are standing together
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
A hamster is singing
A large black and white cow in a field.
A kid is playing a guitar
A man is playing the guitar loudly
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
The man is thinking
There is no lady peeling the potato
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
reason or establish by deduction
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
Children play in a pile of snow.
a constructed underground passageway
travel in front of, be first, precede
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
A person is chopping an onion
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The man is going into the water
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
position or location change
A chimp is practicing martial arts
Two dogs play with purple football.
protect or fight for as a champion.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
heat a metal prior to working it.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
The panda is not eating bamboo
make less hostile; win over.
cause to be immersed in
A white cat looking out of a window.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
Two men are walking through the water
A girl is playing the piano
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
Two women walking down the street
Cars driving near a model building.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
There is no kitten drinking milk
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
a woman with a viking hat on.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
return to an original state.
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
provide, raise, or supply funds to
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
issue bonds on.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
The man is talking on the phone
Three ice skaters round a corner.
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
to argue or plead in favor of
any large deep body of water.
a person who plants bombs.
The woman is not slicing herbs
A woman is riding on an elephant
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
A woman is playing the violin
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
have in mind as a plan or purpose
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A woman is cracking eggs
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
stamp or emboss with a block
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
Red and white bus driving down road.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
A man is packing the guitar
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Two horses standing in a pen.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A cook is coating a pork chop
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
A person is cooking some food
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
give something for a cause
A man is cutting a fish
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
a brief experience of something.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
the quality of being dependable
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
A cow is not eating hay
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
prefer or wish to do something.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
Three dogs play in the grass.
A brown dog is jumping in the water
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
a person who cleans chimneys
The woman is not handling a frog
A plane is landing
Domestic cat looking out window.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
A dog is lying on a trampoline
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
a change which is a decrease
A girl blows on a dandelion.
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
indistinct vocal articulations
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
request urgently and forcefully.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
want, desire or perfer to do something
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
Two men are battling
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
fool or hoax.
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
make impure; make radioactive
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
A dog is biting a mop.
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
A couple is running towards the ocean
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
react to in a certain way.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
The man isn't playing the piano
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
an extended area of land.
A woman is playing a guitar
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
to grow rapidly
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
A man is rinsing a large steak
An onion is being cut by a man
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
Three dogs running through a puddle.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
the act of stopping something.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
Several people are in front of a colorful building
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
A dog swimming in a pond
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
There is no woman putting on makeup
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
regard with consideration or respect
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
a way of conceiving something.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
the act of applying paint to a surface.
emit or cause to emit noise
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
A woman is drying eggs
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
sharpen with a strap.
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
Runners are racing down a track
There is no guy mowing the lawn
A dog runs through a field.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
A man is talking on the phone
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
Two young women sit by a fountain.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
A man is cutting the tape on the box
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
fail to attend to.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
The person is playing the flute
have an argument about something.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
A dog chases another by a tree.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
the act of hiring something or someone.
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
Someone is playing the guitar
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A violin is being played by a man
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
A boy plays baseball.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
A man is cleaning the sink
The women are divinely dancing outside
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
A man is shooting a weapon
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
a train in a station.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
a rationale or reason for something
handle effectively.
The man is not playing the guitar
printed version of electronic data from a computer
A wooden flute is being played by a man
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
A woman is performing in the rain
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
A man is diving into a pool
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
A woman with a white horse.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
A woman is cutting a lemon
(cause to) gradually become weak
A boy in a headband plays drums.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
A big potato is knocking a green ball
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
Nobody is playing ping pong
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
The little girl is playing at the playground.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
sorting one thing from others.
A group of people standing in the street
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
A boy running through green grass.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
A black and white dog runs through grass.
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
the act of giving temporary assistance.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
A journey for some purpose.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
A man is talking on a cell phone
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
An indicator that orients one generally.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
Runners are competing in a race
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
A plane in the sky.
create an edge or border
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
be fond of.
A truck is quickly going up a hill
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
The man is not cutting a paper plate
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
The man is throwing knives at a tree
shoot down birds
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
position in football played by a team member
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A kid is splashing in the ocean
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
There is no woman slicing a tomato
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
the act of clipping or snipping.
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
Travel (as if) through water.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
The surfer is in the wave.
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A woman is slicing tofu
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
A dog runs in the woods.
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
make more complex or intricate
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
Two dogs run through grass.
make coincide in time or operation
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
make undue claims to having.
A cat standing on tree branches.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
The silver train is parked in a station.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
A little boy is playing a guitar
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A man is participating in a bmx race
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
smother, surpress or lessen something
the trait of wasting resources.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A football player kicks the ball.
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
decide a specific time for an event
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
Five black dogs run in a field.
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A dog with golden fur is in the water
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A man is carrying a tree
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A skier is falling into the snow.
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
get on top of; deal with successfully.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
A woman is talking on a telephone
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
(Cause to) be covered with something.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
The men are having a conversation
A bicycle in a dining room.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
fetching something from a source
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
A man kayaks in rough water.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
Five people on a sidewalk.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
A woman is slicing garlic
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A man is playing the drums
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
Cause to move forward with force.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A child is experiencing a new world
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
free (from restraint), let loose
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
settlement of people distant from their homeland
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
A close-up of a brown horse.
Three people racing on ice skates.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
One woman is practicing with a flute
A man is playing the guitar owner
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
A song is being sung by a clown
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
register formally as a participant
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
There is no man speaking on a stage
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
A man is playing a piano
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
the solid part of the earth's surface.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
recording tracks of music made on some medium
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
take or have a position relative to others.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
Guitar is being played by a man
a company that provides public service commodities
A surfer is riding a wave.
Three women are dancing
A man is making a phone call
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
a judgement or opinion about something
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
A man is sitting in a field
A brown and white dog is running through the river
A woman is putting away the garlic
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A person is standing on a mountain top
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
There is no man playing flute
Some children are playing on a playground
A man is getting off the motorcycle
The hungry woman is eating
A woman reads while on public transportation.
Smiling man with reflective classes.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Two smiling women holding a baby.
restrict or limit the range of
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
A baby is laughing
The girl is trotting on the horse
An officer is talking to the soldiers
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
A couple holds a baby.
Two people are looking at a gold statue
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
A dog is rolling on the ground
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
A man is running down the road
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
A dog is opening a jar of food
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
A man is dancing in the rain
A black train moves down the tracks.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
There is no boy playing guitar
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
coerce by violence, fill with terror
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
say, state, or perform again
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
The curious boys look in the shed.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
an observer of a process or activity
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
The doctor is not helping the patient
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
an objective or goal
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
the act of protesting, dissenting
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
A man and a woman are silent
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
A woman is not talking on a telephone
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Black train on train tracks.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
go back, restore, revive
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
culminating event
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
Parked white double decker bus.
write a computer program.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
A group of people are dancing at a concert
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A child is missing a baseball
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
A black dog lays in the sand.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
a vehicle race on public roads
A brown dog is running though a river.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
a concentrated example of something.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
giving a reference or citation of something
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A cartoon airplane is landing
A man is putting down the flute
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
A woman is slicing potatoes
Paper and scissors both cut
move to a new location, state, or situation
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
work with a tool.
The person is drawing
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
There is no woman dancing
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
Two dogs are running through high grass
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A man is getting a garage for the car
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
A dog is running towards a ball
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
A boy is running through the sand
The person is peeling an onion
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A dog is running through the snow
to make ready, fit out
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
A woman is not slicing carrots
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
A couple standing on the curb
the act of governing, administrating
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
a white dog is running through the snow.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
A young girl is standing still
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
A young kid is jumping into water
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
A horse is being ridden by a man
Two people in two chairs are reading
One panda is climbing
the state of being rejected.
A man is playing with water
Someone is playing with a toad
A group of men play a college football game.
give certain properties to something.
A girl is playing the guitar
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
A tiger is strolling around
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
A young boy riding in a swing.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A crowd of people is near the water
A woman is putting away a potato
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
a slight cut in a physical surface
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
The child is playing with toys indoors
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
There is no woman frying something
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
Enclose in a protective covering.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
searching for or buying goods or services.
duplicate or match.
Three men are jumping off a wall
Two people are talking
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
The boy is playing the piano
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
the physical position of something.
a train rides on his tracks.
a side or surface of something
create a mess or disorder
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
An onion is being sliced by a woman
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
rot; become unfit for consumption
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
The man is playing the instrument
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
A tiger is walking outside a cage
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
A brown dog is sitting down
A man is carrying a woman
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
The black and white dog is running outdoors
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
Red double decker bus.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
part; cease or break association with.
hit a fly.
refrain from doing something.
make underscoring marks.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
something that floats on the surface of water.
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
A truck is quickly going down a hill
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The state of being pleased with life.
A tiger cub is making a sound
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
A dog running through deep snow pack.
a well-known or notable person.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A man and a woman are walking nicely
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
A white Jeep parked on a street.
whip with or as if with a whisk
A woman riding a brown horse.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
There is no woman cutting a potato
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
The brown and white dog is in the water.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
A computer on a desk.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
A lemur is eating
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
the act of designating a role to someone
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
A man walking a large black horse.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
Two panda bears are lying together
A dog is barking noisily
The person is carefully slicing a potato
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
A girl is eating a cupcake
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
Three dogs running through a field.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
The dog is running through the dry sand
the management of someone or something.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A brown dog running over grass.
The woman is peeling a potato
Two men are playing table football
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
There is no man cutting a box
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
The cow is grazing in a field.
show to be invalid.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
move or change one's own position or quality
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
A man playing a video game in a store.
The dogs are running through the water
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
The seagull is floating on the water.
Two dogs are running through a small pond
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
Three dogs swim in the water.
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
The man is up in the air.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
A man is slicing a fish
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
informal terms for the leg.
A person is peeling a banana
decree, issue an order
A man is performing a trick on a bike
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
A baby is cheering another baby
A lady is being kissed by a man
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A playing device is amusing a cat
go after with the intent to catch.
The white dog is running in the green grass.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
And I really liked him, and I still do.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A man is slicing some bread
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
The guitar is being played by nobody
A young child is standing in front of some trees
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Four dogs run in the grass.
move back and forth
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
creating a picture with paints.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A black dog is running in the grass.
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
characteristic call of an animal
a lid or top of a container
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
conscious subjective emotion or desire
The state of being absent.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
There is no girl in white dancing
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
a particular environment or walk of life.
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A monkey is practicing martial arts
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A man is diving off a rock
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
A black dog is running across a field.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
write as if with print, not in cursive
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
join or attach with or as if with glue.
sniff or smell inquiringly.
someone who plays a principal role
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
the act of providing a subsidy.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A man is packing a violin
shape or influence; give direction to.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
Three boys playing soccer in a field
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
hunt or shoot snipe.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
the act or means of getting rid of something.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
A dog is rolling from side to side
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
A brown dog plays in the snow.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
The woman is cooking something
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
move forward by leaps and bounds.
a person who is a member of a partnership.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
A person is combing the fur of a cat
One man is playing the guitar
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
a competitor most likely to win
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
A tan puppy being petted.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
take measures in preparation for.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A pencil is being sharpened
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
A football player is wearing black armbands
create code, write a computer program.
Two kids splashing in the water.
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Change one for another
A black dog asleep in a car.
A bike is being ridden by a person
A woman is planting some flowers
overflow with a certain feeling.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
the event of something burning (often destructive).
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
The friends are making faces for the camera
reduce the price of something
sentence_A
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
cause to be interested
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
There is no tiger cub making a sound
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
People stand outside watching something.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
make even or more even.
Two airplanes in the sky.
a man and a woman posing for a picture
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
There is no woman slicing an onion
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
provide a seat or base for
leave or give by will after one's death.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
the act of surrendering an asset
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
A man is spitting
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
Two dogs run through the snow.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
A dog shakes his head.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A young boy is jumping out of the water
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Different teams are playing football on a field
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
A person is crouching and holding a camera
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
One man is dancing
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Small boat going down a creek.
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
A guitar is being played by a kid
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A man is strumming a guitar
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
A man is playing a small flute
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
A cow is eating grass
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
One small child is filling the cup with water
Two children go sledding.
A woman is cutting potatoes
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
Three men are practicing karate in a field
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
a lone dog running in a dirty road
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
Two dogs bound across the grass.
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
A woman is not cutting meat
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
a concern or affair
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
A dog is jumping through the water.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A small child slides down a purple slide.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Make (undue) claims of owning.
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
put into a certain place or abstract location.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
There is no woman firing a rifle
A man is chopping butter into a small container
Three friends are making faces for a photo
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
An airplane facing the camera.
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A train is running on the tracks.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
A brown dog is running in the snow
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
become less interesting or attractive.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
A person is slicing some ginger
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
a group of people living together in a camp.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Some kids are playing on a playground
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
Two women sitting on brown couch.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
A dog running on the grass.
The man in not playing the flute
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
A person is tearing paper
A dog running through a creek.
Someone is cutting a tomato
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
A woman is chopping garlic
a quantity of money added to a bank account
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
A black and white photo of an old train station.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
A girl is playing a wind instrument
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
A man is cutting a paper
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
The act of having and controlling property.
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
A woman is deep frying food
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
One man is turning on the microwave
There is no girl playing the piano
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
have as a logical consequence.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
the territory occupied by a nation.
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
There are no dogs playing in the snow
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
extend out or project in space.
The women are singing and dancing
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
a party of people assembled for dancing.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Horse standing in a field.
A dog swims through the water.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A white dog running on the beach.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
A lion is slowly walking
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
Germinate, as in a plant.
stretch out or over completely
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
a special set of circumstances.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A girl is exercising
We think they have the right to choose.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
a group of old men walking down the street
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
Touch with the lips.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
create by putting components or members together.
A small boy playing in the snow.
A man is going into the water
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
something that is desired intensely.
Two dogs play in the grass.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
The act of arranging elements together.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
A dog runs through shallow water.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
an appraisal of the value of something.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
the speech act of objecting.
Two dogs play in the snow
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
start to burn or burst into flames.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
take someone's soul into heaven
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A boy is checking a calendar
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
The piano player is being a tough man
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
The meat is being dropped into a pan
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
limit in quality or quantity.
pronounce with a nasal twang
A person is playing a trumpet
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
cover the front or surface of.
the end or completion of something.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
a portion removed from the whole.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
show devotion to (a deity).
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
Funeral direction
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
Guitar is being played by two men
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
the foremost part of something
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
spend time in prison
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
Kids playing ball in the park.
Three dogs running through water.
A woman is cutting a potato
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
injure, scratch the surface
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
behave or move in a certain manner
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A close up of an ostrich face.
the act of harming or hurting someone
A boy is running away from the fishing line
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
make tight or tighter.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
A few men are watching cricket
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of dwelling in a place.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
the state of being unsure of something.
A large white bird swoops over water.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
give structure to
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
(cause to) fall in drops
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
A couple is not looking at a map
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
Somebody is playing the piano
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
A young boy is using sign language
An onion is being sliced by a man
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
completely use up a resource
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
decorative cover for a bed.
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
A big green ball is knocking a potato
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
hold, contain within
There is no man cutting a potato
The dog is catching a ball
the ability to recall things
A person is eating in a restaurant
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
Kids playing tag football.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
A young girl running on the beach.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
move about in a confused manner.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
Okra is being cooked in a pan
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
an automobile race run over public roads.
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
change the arrangement or position of.
A man is talking to a woman
the act of preserving or protecting something
A man is picking up a tree
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
A woman is not slicing an octopus
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
physically inflate
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
two people who are married to each other.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A man is playing a violin
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
There is no lady cutting up some meat
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
bring into general popular/common use
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A woman is standing near three children
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
Medicines
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
A man is playing the drum
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A small dog is lying on the bed
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
The chef is seasoning the oil
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A woman is sewing with a machine
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
an indicator that orients you generally.
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A monkey is brushing the dog
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A grey house with a red door.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
A woman is cutting onions
Two people are riding a motorcycle
money in the form of bills or coins.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
A person is coming out of the water
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
the act of referring or consulting.
A black dog is running in the snow
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
regain or make up for.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
give out, allow to have
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
A few animals are playing in the water
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
physically grapple with an opponent
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
A woman is dancing on a stage
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
There is no woman cutting an onion
A gray bird is flying over the water.
A small white dog running
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
impress or affect deeply.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
A man is playing guitar
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A male is dancing
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
the act of sorting things into categories
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Man rowing a boat.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
four children are playing on a trampoline.
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
act of becoming distant, moving away from
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
There is no woman cutting broccoli
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
There is no person riding a bike
Paper is being cut with scissors
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
the event of proposing or volunteering something
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
Some people are playing cricket
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
A boy looking at a computer screen.
A guy is mowing the lawn
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
study intensively, as before an exam.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
a dog runs across the land.
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
Follow one's own or another's path
A dog laying in the snow.
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
A dog is dropping a can
Two men on boat floating on the water.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
A lady is putting on makeup
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A machine is sharpening a knife
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
bubble over with a certain feeling
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
personnel casualty
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
sway to and fro.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
A cat is swinging on a fan
A band is not playing some instruments
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A girl dances on a stage.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
be or play a part of or in.
A black dog is standing in deep water
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
put a new heel on.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
The car is being driven by a man
A dog is running through some water.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
a written list of particular things being offered
Two men are playing table tennis
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
a brief statement.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
A white dog runs into a lake.
A young girl is using sign language
opening shot in billiards or pool
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
a black dog runs across the snow.
Two children are playing on a statue
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
The potato is being peeled by the lady
A green bus drives down a road.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A small boy is sitting in the forest
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
an address used for postal communication
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
two puppies playing around in the grass
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A woman is taking a can
The dog is chasing the ball
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
A man is shooting at target practice
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
There is no one typing
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
an upward slope or incline
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
prevent from entering; keep out.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
An electronic storage device.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
Three dogs playing in the green water.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Three dogs are in the snow.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
pass into by penetrating or permeating
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
A boat in the water.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
confine in or as if in a prison
A man riding a small bicycle.
the people who dwell in a camp
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
A woman is cleaning a man's face
make thick or thicker.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
A dog is catching a black frisbee
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
go away or leave.
be a reason, cause, or justification of
A woman is picking a can
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
issue bonds on something
The singer is leaving the band
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
The dog is playing in the water.
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
learn by reading books.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
presentation of a musical theme
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A person is singing and playing a guitar
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A big fish is catching a man
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
A man is crying
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
A person is frying food in a pan
an image that is generated by a computer.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
Two dogs run on the grass.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
restrict or confine
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
interfere in someone else's activity.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A woman is riding her bicycle.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
Three children playing in sand at beach
a reference line used to align lettering
incite some act of insubordination
A kid is playing the guitar
The animal is grazing on the grass
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
be against, resist
a group of surfers catching a wave
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
The woman is not chopping garlic
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A man is playing baseball.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
A bird sits in a tree.
the pulsation of the heart
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A man is singing into an old microphone
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
the activity of removing a resource
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
the quality of dissimilarity
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
suggest or prescribe a solution
suit to a special purpose.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
A soccer player is missing a goal
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
A person is frying some food
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
A man is speaking
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A woman is dancing in a cage
A dog is looking at a store counter
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
Two dogs standing in snow.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
two girls walking in the street
rounded end of a bone
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
A man is shooting a shotgun
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
the act of swallowing liquid
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
A horse is standing
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
The girl is lounging
Two white dogs are running together
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
the termination, ending of a meeting
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A dog swims in the water.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
A tiger is pacing around a cage
the armed forces
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
cause to come to the ground.
Four children looking at barn animals.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
There is no boy playing a piano
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
the act of swallowing.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
An old man is sitting in a field
an established linear path of travel
Four dogs playing in the snow.
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Train gliding on tracks.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
A white dog bounding through snow
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
adhering to moral principles.
the act of winding or twisting.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
A lone biker is jumping in the air
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
A blond girl waves while she is riding
There is no person cutting an onion
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
The women are not dancing outside
A monkey is kicking a person
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
A group of people having a meal outside.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
People sitting on acouch.
An animal is running in circles
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A rope is being climbed by a man
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
One boy is happily playing a piano
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
Football players are on the field.
A dog is running through the ocean.
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
A large white crane is flying near the water
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
A black dog walking through water.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
become hard or harder.
An empty office cubicle.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
support by placing on or against something solid
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
act of verbally informing
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
Couple with newborn baby.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
A cat is sitting on a piano
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
the act of beginning something new.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A woman is walking the dog down the street
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
Two children are on a fairground ride.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
A guy is riding a horse
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
The windows are being cleaned by a man
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A bird flies above the water.
move by turning over or rotating.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
A yellow dog in the snow.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
lack of agreement or harmony.
a man running track
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Man standing in front of silver train.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
There is no man thinking
A little dog is running on the sand
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
the place within which an authority has power
Two boys are playing a video game
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
A man is not mowing a lawn
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
One woman is playing a flute
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
Two dogs are fighting
communicate with a hiss
A woman is eating a piece of meat
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
a quantity of money.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
remove from a place or from office
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
state of being under control
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
 have sex with
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
express or utter with a hiss.
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
the act of entering a structure
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
A man is laughing
A panda is climbing
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
move an implement through.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
a short section of a musical composition.
Three dogs are running in a field.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A dog running along the beach.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
A girl is wearing sunglasses
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
A cat is playing a piano
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
restore to a previous or better condition.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
Three women are running in a village
The crowd is watching the football at the game
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
A man is escaping a rising swamp
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A dog is running on a muddy path
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
a way or means to achieve something.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
appoint to a clerical posts.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
A few men in a competition are running outside
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
a part of a forked or branching shape.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
A child is smashing a snow ball
A woman is combing her hair
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
break up a solid, usually into a solution
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
The doctors are healing a man
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
A baby is toddling happily
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
make pure or free from sin
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Three dogs run in the snow.
An event that causes someone or something to die.
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
A boy is tapping his fingernails
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
A black dog is standing in shallow water
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
symbolize, serve as an example of
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
There is no woman exercising
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
the path followed by an object moving through space.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
Two men are racing in the water.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
Two dogs playing on the beach.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
The men are not climbing a mountain
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
A man is jumping into an empty pool
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A man is strumming the guitar
A man in a hat is walking through a store
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
There is no man walking in the rain
The man is not playing a guitar
the conclusion of a communication
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
There is no man playing a violin
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
place limits on (extent or access).
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
A man with a hard hat is dancing
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
carry, as on one's back.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
a jockey riding a horse.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
The woman is dicing garlic
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
hand over or put in
A bald person is playing a guitar
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
A monkey is wading through a river
Some runners are competing in a race
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A large green ball is missing a potato
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
A dog leaps over a fence.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
There is no man eating cereal
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
Two people are playing ping pong
Some cheerleaders are dancing
A guy on a white horse.
A large boat on the sea.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
The man is seasoning the sausages
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
A woman is boiling shrimps
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
end
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A baby is not playing with a doll
The surfer is riding a big wave
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
The man is lifting barbells
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
A prawn is being cut by a woman
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
The woman is walking the dog
There is no man tying a shoe
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
A man is taking pictures of a lake
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
A dig is trekking through snow.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
a state of being encircled
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
A white dog with a collar is running.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The man is not climbing up a rope
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A little girl is running.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
A man is eating a banana
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
cause to become awake or conscious.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
continue to live, exist, or prosper
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
People on an amusement park ride.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
a region allocated to hold something
Two pandas are lying together
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
Gray cat looking out the window.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
to make a great mental or physical effort
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
a group of skiers going up a mountain
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
a physical difficulty or obstacle
A fearful little boy is on the ground
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
move as a crowd or in a group.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
The young man is not rock climbing
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
A mostly black train on a track.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
A boy is standing in the water
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
A guitar is being played by a girl
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
A women and a dog playing outside
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
A cat is jumping into a container
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A group of people are in the water.
the face or front of a building.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
A woman is slicing herbs
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
a loss of function
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
The person is walking
give something useful or necessary to.
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
A black poodle is running in the snow.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
A boy is not playing a guitar
A red two story bus driving along the street.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
The man is not playing the drums
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
make by combining materials and parts.
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A man is showing off a small monkey
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
A woman is diving into a pool
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
the process of becoming less or smaller
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
storage cabinet furniture
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
The woman is slicing herbs
A girl is brushing her hair
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A group of people is near the ocean
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A person is not making a bed
the act of forming or establishing something.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
set into opposition or rivalry.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
Two people are sitting on a bench
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
The person is not going into the water
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
any tall, vertical shape
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
A man riding a white horse.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
the day immediately before today.
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
a man and woman walking past a record shop
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
A child rides a wooden horse.
actors in a play
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
A woman is looking at the view of a city
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
the act of describing something.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
A clown is singing and people are dancing
the act of fastening things together.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
A man and a woman laughing.
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
make reference to.
A woman is firing a weapon
write all the required information onto a form.
two dogs play in the grass.
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A small monkey is walking through water
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
the act of forcing out someone or something.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A dog is running through tall grass.
A man is eating near the kittens
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
Some fish are swimming
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Someone is dismantling a piano
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
The hairy man is sitting on a train
A dog jogs through the grass.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A lemur is hanging on a rope
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
make up something fictional or untrue
have a great affection or liking for.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
a small thin branch of a tree.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
A woman is cutting garlic
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
No dog is running through the snow
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
make a certain size or sort according to size
go on a campaign or off to war
the head of a city government.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A black dog running into the water.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A hockey player during a game.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
bend into the shape of a crank.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
lock with one another
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
The man is fasting
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A baseball player throws the ball.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
a dog stands in the white snow.
The child is splashing water in a pool
A young woman is playing the guitar
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
contain or have a specific wording or information
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
A woman is not chopping garlic
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
the act of hearing attentively.
A cat looking at the camera.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
the general condition of body and mind.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A brown dog shaking its head.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
an indication of something, evidence
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
take vows, as in religious order.
There is no man playing soccer
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
run or move very quickly or hastily.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
The cop is sitting on a police bike
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
Two puppies play in the grass
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
The woman is handling a frog
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
There is no man running down the road
military personnel lost by death or capture.
the ground level of a multi-storied building
A horse is racing
The lady is dicing onions
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
the scent or odor of something
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
A man is chopping butter into a container
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
separate into constituents by soaking.
An animal is barking at a ball
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
something copied or derived from an original.
A woman is riding a water scooter
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
A small animal is singing
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
A woman is storing broccoli
come into conflict, meet in opposition
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
take away a vital or essential part of.
Two people are walking near the water
There is no woman putting on lipstick
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
the act of creating written works.
Child milking a cow outside.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
the central area of an object
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
A man is eating a pizza
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
No people are riding camels at the beach
A man is slicing a bun
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
Someone is falling off a horse
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
make less severe or harsh.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
[provide with a new or different resting place
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
change from one form or medium into another.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
A boy is standing in the cold water
There is no man slicing a potato
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
Four dogs splashing in the water
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
act of constructing
dress in a certain manner.
the last section of a communication.
human legs, informal usage
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
the act of validating the authenticity of something
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
A man is playing a keyboard
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
One man is leading the race
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
There is no woman slicing a carrot
a name given to a product or service.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
a change for the better.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
flog or whip
take action or behave in a certain way
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
The dog is running in the grass.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A man is making music with a flute
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
A child and parent pet a horse.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
the act of decreasing something markedly.
per centum
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
a cause or source of duress, worry
A tan dog is running through the brush
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
Someone is peeling a banana
a spoken or written reply to a question
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
A dog sleeping under a table.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
Two dogs playing on grass.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
Two dogs play in the snow.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
deal with in a routine way.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
The guitar is being played by a lady
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A dog is running with a volleyball
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
People in costumes are walking around in the street
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
A child cavorts on the road.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
compel to behave in a certain way.
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
A woman is walking off a stage
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
A man is playing the piano
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
A woman is frying some food
Two girls are lying on the ground
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
create and charge with a task or function.
The runners are racing around a track
Boy feeding a sheep.
A brown dog wades in the water.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A man is frying a tortilla
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
A man is riding a scooter
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
The doctors are not reviving a man
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
study intensively as if preparing for a test
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
accept an excuse for.
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A man is spreading dough
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
a large room
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
a major branch of a tree
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
Three children in a ball pit.
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
a competitor thought likely to win.
decorate a manuscript with red
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
glare or strike with intensity
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
the legal state of owing money
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
The man is playing the drums
turn on an axis; spin
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
the act of hitting vigorously.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
Large green boat floating on water.l.
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
There is no woman cutting onions
A bride with a white veil is looking down
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A skateboarder in the city.
A black dog is running through some water.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
A person is packing a zucchini
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A woman is squeezing a lemon
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
There is no woman riding a horse
the act of appraising, critiquing something
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
The person is slicing the potato
A man juggles at the beach.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
A bird is resting its wings in the water
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
the soft padding under a saddle
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
A woman is drying noodles
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
Small dog chews on a big stick.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
A man is playing a trumpet
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
be on base at the end of an inning
A man in a batman suit running.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
the termination of a meeting.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
two woman looking into a glass case.
A married couple is walking down the aisle
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
A group of girls on a beach.
A potato is being sliced by the man
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
lumber used in the construction of something.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
A man is putting some food in a box
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
A dog playing in the snow.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
The people are running at a carnival
A man is shooting guns
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
lay with rails.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
have a strong sexual attraction to
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
There is no dog running in the grass
There is no dog rolling from side to side
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
the act of making or enacting laws.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
put into or keep in a stall
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A man is eating
a serving of a beverage
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
A rider is waving at a surfer
enter a realm, become involved with
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
A person is boiling noodles
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
There is no man making a phone call
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
a committee having supervisory powers.
the act of directing attention, resources to something
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
A little girl is peddling a scooter
A dog is biting a doll
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
The person is going into the water
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
Two dogs play in the water.
A man is cutting a potato
Two people diving into a body of water.
recover, return to former state
exercise or have power of memory
an exclusive group of people.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
A man is singing to a woman
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
An animal is resting
There is no man slicing some bread
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
The black dog is running on the grass.
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
Five adults are sitting on a chair
An old person is sitting on a bench
People sitting on a couch laugh.
Nobody is playing the guitar
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
make the surface level or smooth
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
cause something to be the case
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A woman is frying something
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Small black dog running in grass
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
a cell for violent prisoners.
A man is playing the trumpet
A man is drawing
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A man is speaking on a stage
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A dog is running through a pond
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A man is kicking a soccer ball
Woolly sheep at auction house.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
feel physical pain.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
class of students taught together
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
the status or fact of being elected.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
A baby is talking
The rhino is grazing on the grass
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
make or become thick
the rate of some repeating event.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
a channel for communication between groups.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
A shoe is being tied by a man
A cat reclines on an office chair.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
A man and woman are talking
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
A white race car is driving through a puddle
A woman is sleeping
Three friends are making faces for the camera
A dog shaking off water.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
set forth as an introduction or preface
The person is hiking
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
Two dogs groom each other.
A few animals are out of the water
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A woman is boiling eggs
A young boy is riding a bike.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
the act of devoting time and energy to something
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
put in a particular place or abstract location
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A man is cooking a snake
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
A man is leading the race
the act of rejecting something.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
12th month of the calendar year
Two dogs playing on carpet.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A man is hanging up the phone
Two women posing with a baby.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
The dog is jumping in the air.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
The man is eating
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
A woman is cutting a fish
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
move through with or as if with a rake.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
House with a red door.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
the way something conforms to a shape
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
a state of confinement in a small space
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
A plane flying at a distance.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
fall out of the pod or husk.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A brown horse in a green field.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
endure or experience a painful event
Two men on the side of a barge
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
A man is walking in the rain
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
The woman is putting make-up on
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Two women sheering a sheep.
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A man is catching a fish
A brown dog sits on the beach.
an explanation or alibi for something
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
A child with his hands on his head.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
The person is slicing onions
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
feel hot or painful.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
A dog is running uphill
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
A woman is cutting a white onion
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
Cover or back with foil.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
Young couple sitting on couch.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A black man and his dog on the beach.
Brown dog running on the beach.
The windows are being polished by a man
A man is playing an electric guitar
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
There is no man cutting an onion
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
a computer on the floor.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
the large room of a manor or castle.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
A man is thinking
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
Two groups of people are playing football
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
A black dog is running along the beach.
the act of throwing a baseball
The headlights on a blue car.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
have need of.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
A dog is running on the road
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
The light brown dog is running up a street
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
act against or in opposition to.
A flute is being played by a man
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Two people are walking through some water.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
A man is slicing an onion
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
advance or set forth in court.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
Some women are dancing
A concentrated woman is playing flute
A man is slicing onions
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
Runners are not taking part in the race
The men are not dancing
put or store in a bottle
A group of people are marching
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
The man and woman are not walking
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
A woman is playing volley ball.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
A girl is on a jumping car
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
The boy isn't playing in the mud
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Dogs are racing on a track
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
The man is training
signify or mean to express or convey
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A dog running through mucky ground.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
the act of combining, blending, integrating
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
Two women are not dancing
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
A dog is running in a field.
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
make lighter or brighter.
A man is playing the instrument
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A man is doing exercises
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
The man is removing knives from a tree
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
The man is going into the water.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
Dough is being spread by a man
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
The woman is eating
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
A man is not playing with water
A group of people are running a race.
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
One man is turning off the microwave
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
move to a lower position, terminate something
run around the rim of.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
A chef is preparing a meal
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
the act of cutting something into parts.
a person who delivers information or goods
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
A man is playing a wooden flute
Two brown dogs play in the water.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
pass through the esophagus
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A black faced sheep.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
the act of constructing something.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
The piano is being played by someone
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
the act of reducing the amount or number.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
Two dogs running on grass.
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
A man is folding a tortilla
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
Someone is writing
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A squirrel is running around in circles
Two dogs run through the grass.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
A dog is running on the ground
Two birds interacting in the grass
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
make a dry crackling sound.
The children of a family are playing and waiting
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
become or make oneself fresh again.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
refrain from harming.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
return to a prior state
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
An onion is being sliced by a person
A golden dog is running through the snow.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
Someone is reading the email
A toy train is hitting a toy car
role or function of the head of a government department
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
Three dogs running through the snow.
A man is rising from a swamp
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
A man is chopping a log with an axe
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
stain with a dirty substance
five people standing on a sidewalk
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
A green car parked at a saloon.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
Two animals are running through the park
There is no child waking up
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
The boy is studying a calendar
A man is cutting a lemon
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
subsist on a meager allowance.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
A boy is practicing the keyboard
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
give away something that is not needed
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
A woman is dancing
A man is riding a horse
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
The cat is eating some corn
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
strike with horror or terror.
A man is tying a thick rope
Men are sawing logs
Red and white plane flying through the air.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
The man is slicing bread
There is no man speaking
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
provide with a toggle
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
People are sitting near a wall
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
a state of being elevated or raised
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
pass into a state or condition
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
Old blue and white train on tracks.
Become pregnant.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
Train going down the tracks.
a single serving of a beverage.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
Two young children are on sand.
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
the act of improving something's quality
get or gather together.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
The man is driving a car
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
give a specific interpretation to
A baby is playing with a toy
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A person is buttering a tray
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
a visual representation of something.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
A black dog jumps in the snow.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
the act of shoving something away
a formation of people or things one beside another.
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
sharpen a razor with a strap
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
the flavor quality of something
People are walking
A long train is on train tracks.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A football game is being watched by the crowd
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
There is no man playing two keyboards
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A woman is playing flute
A baseball player hitting the ball
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
take legal action against, as in court
A child pushes another child on a swing.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
There is no woman playing the violin
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A dog is barking
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
The woman is holding a whole tomato
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
A man is not playing a flute
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
Three men are looking into the distance
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
The dog is running through deep snow.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
an agent or company that insures something
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
A person is chopping a red onion
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
A person is surfing a big wave.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
A dog is standing in the sand.
The man is drawing
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
the act of damaging something or someone.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
A man is walking in a city street
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A sports team poses on the field.
Two children are not playing in the surf
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
A baby is licking a dog
There is no young child splashing in the water
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
A child in the snow.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
A woman is playing the flute
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
become master of, overcome, dominate
A woman is shooting at target practice
Boy laying on couch with dog.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A big dog is running on the ground
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
A group of children playing with props
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
move very slightly.
Two brown dogs running through water.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
the visual appearance of something or someone.
a border or boundary of an object
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
The person is in the snowy mountains.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
fail or suffer failure
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A tree is being picked up by a man
Some food is being prepared by a chef
the action of putting something into operation.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
There is no hamster singing
glare or strike with great intensity.
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
A young boy is jumping into water
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
A basketball player holding a basketball.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
The lady is peeling the potato
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
adherence to moral principles
an opinion formed by judging something.
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
A bird with it's wings spread
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
Two dogs are running through the beach
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
the act of pulling an object
There is no person peeling an onion
A man and a woman are not eating
contribute to the progress or growth of.
A cat is playing a keyboard
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Someone is holding a small animal
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
One herd of deer is crossing the street
A young boy jumping into a lake.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
the activity of breaking or splintering something
Two boys playing in water.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A group of cars parked on a hill
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
make something more diverse and varied.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
making real or concrete
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
Some dogs are playing in a stream
A woman is cutting an octopus
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
The man is dipping into a swamp
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
the public submission of a legal record
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
A man practicing boxing
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
A woman is not slicing an onion
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
make small marks into the surface of.
the act of advocating or promoting something
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
a style and size of typeset
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
move to and fro.
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
The man is dancing
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
Two dogs playing in grass.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
The cows feed in the trough.
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
state of being unified
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
Two men are taking a break from work
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
create an image or likeness of.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
No onion is being cut by a man
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
A surfer is surfing a big wave
keep from being seen or perceived by others
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
A dog runs in the snow.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
return to in thought or speech
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A man picking up a big rock.
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
give a thrashing to, beat
A man is riding a bicycle
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
loss of ability to function normally.
A man with no shirt is holding a football
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
A man is playing the flute
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
The man is playing a piano
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
make a hole with a pointed tool
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
A kid is playing the piano
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
The blue train is at the station.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Two dogs run on the beach.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
free from obligations or duties.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
play on a string instrument with a bow.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
A baby is playing with a dog 
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
The men are acting on a stage
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
A guy is not riding a horse
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
A person is performing a card trick
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
There is no man cutting a paper
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
An onion is being sliced by the woman
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
A woman is cutting a carrot
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
the physical expanse of the universe
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
A woman is ignoring a man
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
the quality of being of practical use.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
People are sitting against a wall
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
a dog runs across the grass.
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
A young man is running away from the fishing line
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
administer or bestow, as portions
A man jumps off a rock into the water
supporter, advocate of something or someone
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Fish is being fried by a woman
Older woman holding newborn baby.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
goal or objective
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
be the culminating event.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
The man is catching a fish
A pianist is playing the keyboard
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
A man is having fun with water
the activity of supplying or providing something.
People are riding two camels at the beach
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A pale dog runs down a path.
A woman is being kissed by a man
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
remove from memory or existence.
assign to a specific task.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
The doctors are reviving a man
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
get or find back; recover
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
No dog is emerging from a lake
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
the state of being covered with unclean things.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
terminate an association with.
A man is playing keyboards
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
People standing outside at a carnival.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A lemur is licking a person's finger
A young girl going down a tube slide.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
A woman is painting a man's face
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
the state of having options, alternatives
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
A white car is being driven by the man
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
remove by pinching or snipping
An onion is being chopped
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
Limit in quantity or quality.
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
Boy and girl running along the beach.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
become quiet or still; fall silent.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
Two dogs playing in the water.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
the act of moving from one place to another.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
save or relieve from an experience or action.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
A woman holding a small baby.
be in or establish communication with
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
A man is lazing
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Identify, establish location or identity
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
a dog runs through the long grass.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
the act or capability of seeing
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
Two men in hats pose together.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A child is talking
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
A child is holding a squirt gun
The act of sorting one thing from others.
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
the act of providing incentive to someone
develop in a positive way.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
A dog is running through the white snow
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
move (as if) by lowering
the fashionable elite of a given community
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
bring into a different state.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A black dog running through water.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
income collected as tax by a government
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
The violin is being played by a woman
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
cause to become ice or icy.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A cat is playing with a small bottle
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
make a film or photograph of something.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
a social set or clique of friends
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
Different football players are teaming on a field
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
A woman is cutting a tomato
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
A group of football players running down the field.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
A woman is singing into a microphone
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
There is no little girl playing the piano
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
admit to testing or proof.
provide with a new seat.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
A man is making a call on a cell phone
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
The people are standing at a parade
A man is jumping into a full pool
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
Some instruments are being played by a band
A boy is eating a cupcake
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
Two men are taking a break from construction
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
the act of colliding with something.
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
A woman is amalgamating eggs
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
A man is slicing a red tomato
The kids ride a boat in the water.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
person who is a social companion
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
the activity of learning or being trained
The person is setting fire to the cameras
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
preserve with sugar.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
mock or make fun of playfully.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
A woman with her child.
A bird flying over the water.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A mountain is being climbed by two men
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
the act of becoming more distant.
A group of people having a drink.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
The man is slicing some potatoes
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
organize anew, as after a setback.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
A photographer is being surrounded by men
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
There is no paper being cut with scissors
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
The man isn't operating a stenograph
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
the state of being more than full.
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
There is no man doing a card trick
Three women are sitting in a village
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A bird flying in the air
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
an open motorboat used for transport
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
the act of flipping a coin.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A man is untying a shoe
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
Someone is playing piano
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
The man is not performing a large jump
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
A banana is being eaten by a man
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
A child runs through the grass.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
the degree or amount of something
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A dog is eating a doll
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
the opening page of a web site.
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Some men are sawing
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
act of moving or conveying something
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
a black dog swimming through a river.
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Rugby players are tackling each other
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
A girl is styling her hair
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
the act of applying paint to a surface
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
two tan dogs play in the grass
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
A young girl is standing on both legs
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A surfer is falling off the wave
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
The man is not slicing a potato
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
to collect, acquire or gather
the act of terminating a life.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
remove from a position or office.
A golden retriever is not running
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
The man is not seasoning the sausages
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
trace the form or outline of
provide a feast or banquet for.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
There is no puppy rolling
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
the cause or instigation of something
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
A man is reading the email
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
a person who is in charge.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A deer is jumping over a fence
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
The girl is watering the plants
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
cause to have an odor
The lady is dancing
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A man is playing flute
A man is putting away a carrot
something that is craved
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
A kid is playing with a toy dog
Some men are idling
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
a state of extreme anger.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A man is cleaning a dish
A man is not dancing
A bird soars with wings spread.
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
A man is dancing on the road
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
the act of informing by verbal report.
The woman is not slicing an onion
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
A horse is being ridden by a woman
A man is making a bed
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
Two people in two chairs are talking
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
sound with resonance.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
The man is singing and playing the guitar
Bread is being sliced by the man
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
create code or computer programs
A bull standing in the field.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
A person is playing a guitar and singing
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
A brown dog squating on grass.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Someone is folding a piece of paper
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
the condition of being motivated.
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
forked form or shape
A man is jumping into a pool
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
A cat song is being played on a piano
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
A woman is playing the drums
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
There is no woman slicing tofu
The young man is rock climbing
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
cause to turn from one course or use to another
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A dog jumps through water.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
The dog is licking a bottle
the general activity of selling.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
a physical entity
to fill with coal or oil
an onerous or difficult concern.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
the introductory portion of a story
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
originate or come into being.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
The black dog is lying in the grass.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
Something is being fried by a woman
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
A couple walking down the street.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A crowd of people is far from the water
A dog plays on the beach.
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
lack of agreement, not harmonious
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
take apart into constituent pieces
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
committee with supervisory powers
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
A man is picking a can
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
A dog running through the woods.
A train on the train tracks.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
A man is making a speech on a podium
Some kittens are hungry
the act of chipping something.
A tan dog runs through the snow.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
be or come into conflict
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A group of people is singing
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
cause to move round and round.
The person is standing on white ice
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Fly in or on a glider plane
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
make something, usually for a specific function.
The onion is being cut by the man
The dog is catching a blue ball
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
The woman is skating in the park.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
A man practices boxing
A man is painting a woman's face
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
The woman is not dicing garlic
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
rehearse, learn by repetition
utter with force; utter vehemently.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
an arrangement scheme.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
A man is coming down a rope
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
a straight length of road or racetrack
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A girl in a white dress is running
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
tell or spread rumors.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A black dog runs through the water.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
A tan dog is running through the snow
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
A deer jumps a fence.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
secondary public school, grades 9-12
A dog is looking around
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
The writing is about a person penciling
A boy is shredding a calendar
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
enter uninvited.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
go back to a previous state.
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
Someone is typing
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Two men are talking
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Two females jump off of swings.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
A black and white dog runs through the water.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
have a strong desire to do something
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
draw a cross in the air over something
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
serve as a means of expressing something.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
Kids play soccer on a field.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
four people sitting at a table.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
provide a feast or banquet
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A quantity of something
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A person is frying meat in a pan
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
There is no man exercising
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
The men are not talking
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
A dog running across the sand
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A black dog lies on the grass.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
The dog is running through a field.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
hold in a tight grasp.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
A man is phoning
A girl is applying makeup to her face
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
A woman is seasoning a ham
make a short, sharp sound
A person is unfolding a tortilla
become pregnant; undergo conception.
furnish with spars.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
A man is fishing in the river
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
Two boys are studying
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Three men are jumping on a wall
There is no monkey riding a bike
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
fall or cause to fall
manage, handle, or control something
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
Admit to testing/proof
The players is maneuvering for the ball
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
A young boy is playing a guitar
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
A cute panda is lying down
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
A man is tying the shoe
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
register formally as a participant or member.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
A subway train pulling into the station.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
a sculpture of a human or animal
The man is playing a flute
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
A surfer is riding a big wave
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A boy is running on the beach
provide with power and authority.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
The dog is being walked by the woman
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
A cat is playing with a device
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
The black dog is running through the water.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
An animal is biting a person's finger
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
forbid, prohibit
The intense man is a guitar player
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
Two older men in front of a bus.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
the act of choosing among alternatives
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
possibility for the future
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
change toward something smaller or lower.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
a method for solving a problem
Yellow boat on a beach.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
say mean things.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
An animal is looking around
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
There is no dog licking a baby
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
support on the back and shoulders.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
move from one location to another
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
Two men wearing bike helmets.
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
the last (12th) month of the year.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
the hard upper part of the human nose
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
A man is doing physical activity
rise to surface; become visible or known
There is no boy looking at a calendar
Nobody is riding a bike
a boy plays in the fountains.
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
A man is singing to a girl
the act of escaping, fleeing
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
make a logical or causal connection.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
A man is playing an instrument
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
Make marks in the surface of.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
accounting period of 12 months
put in a dangerous position
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
Three men posing in a tent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
compress out of shape or into small pieces
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
A small animal is lying on the bed
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
A dog is riding a skateboard
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
The horse is being ridden by a man
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Children looking a sheep.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
put heels on a shoe
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
a man plays his white guitar.
The men are playing with a ball
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
save from an experience, action or harm
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
Four people row a canoe in water.
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
A dog plays in the snow.
A picture is being drawn by a man
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
A woman is exercising
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
The man and woman are walking
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
alternative names for the body of a human being.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
Two dogs play in a field.
the intended meaning of a communication.
two cold people stand near a pole.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
A man and a woman are walking
A man is slicing bread
The milk is being drunk by a cat
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
a loud resonant repeating noise.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
make impure.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A man is working on the laptop
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
There is no woman riding a water scooter
A topless woman is being covered in mud
Two children are playing
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
take or capture by force or authority
A man is jumping rope in a field
Someone is stirring food in the water
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
A man is jumping off a low wall
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
A black dog looking at the camera.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
A child is slowly waking up
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
show the form or outline of.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
Someone is beating an egg
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
a mold for setting concrete.
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
People stand outside a bookstore.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
A woman is not slicing garlic
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
a physical protuberance, large or small
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
A cat is jumping into a box
Mimes are performing on a stage
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
something additional of the same kind.
A man and a woman are eating
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
move in such a way as to avoid
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
A white dog running in the snow.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
A group of people playing football is running in the field
turn in to get something in exchange
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
a specialized division of a large organization.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
A chef is preparing some food
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
secrete or form water
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
a stiffener in a garment
enjoy, be fond of or approve
behave in a certain way.
the act of giving a speech
A brown dog running.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
the primary component of a communication
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A flute is being put away by a girl
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
dispose of (something useless or old).
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
a disagreement or argument about something important.
A person is riding a horse
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
a portion or percentage of a whole
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
A man is jumping a wall
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
remove water from.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
arrange or order by classes or categories.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
A man is reading an email
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
A double decker bus on a city street.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
a momentary brightness.
the act of choosing or selecting
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
become or cause to become obstructed
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
People are singing and a clown is dancing
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A man is rowing a canoe
place or set apart.
Three men are dancing
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A black dog is running through the snow.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
affect with or as if with a cramp.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
A woman is putting on lipstick
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
time to come
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
coating used as a repellant to moisture
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
The girl is applying makeup to her face
A shirtless man catches a football
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
The state of being suspected.
A girl is running on a desert path.
One man is sitting on the chair
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
The women are dancing outside
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Some kids play in a field.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
Two men step off the bus together.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
unrestricted freedom to use.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
the natural progression or development of something
A woman is not frying fish
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
A man is rowing a boat
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
provide or equip with furniture.
A small white dog is running in a lawn
meshed frame over windows and doors
There is no lemur eating
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
hurt, feel physical pain
A group of people ride in a race
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
An email is being read by a man
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
the general outward appearance of something.
A woman leading a white horse.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
A fish is being sliced by a man
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
cause to be in a state or location
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
partake or provide a banquet
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A man is doing a trick on a bike
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
A woman is slicing butter
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
A dog is jumping into the water.
Two boys are playing flag football.
a sharp side of an object
abstain from eating.
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
A woman is watching the lake
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
exclusive control or possession of something.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
Start abruptly, ignite
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
A small girl is riding in a toy car
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
a person who is a member of the senate
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
give a detailed account of
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
A woman is peeling a potato
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
The band isn't singing
Two dogs run through a field.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
One man is intensely playing a guitar
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
the lower part of anything.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
the act of attaching or affixing something.
A little bird floating in the water.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
A person near an onion has a cut
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
A woman is slicing some meat
allow the passage of air
advance warning or notification of something
a fast rate or occurrence of something
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A man is riding a rodeo bull
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Black dog running very fast.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
Two dogs are playing with each other
An organization that sponsors a large public event
the act of granting rights.
A group of people are dancing
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
A man is playing the guitar
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A woman is cutting some plants
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
make invalid for use.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A black dog digs in the snow.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
A bride in a white dress is running
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
come back after being refused.
the act of applying force to propel something.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
There is no person buttering a tray
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
return in thought or speech to something.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
carry out or complete an activity
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
cause to run in panic.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A potato is being sliced by a person
The man is putting away the bread
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
A dog is running on a snowy path
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
be tantamount or equivalent to.
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
the state of being actual or real.
A white train pulling into a station.
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A monkey is wading through a marsh
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
The boy is playing in the sand.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Two boys are talking on the phone
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A girl sits on a red play structure
A girl is tapping her fingernails
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
There is no girl jumping into the car
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
A group of people are standing
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
have or contain a certain wording or form.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A man is holding a frog
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A man is disassembling the drum
A little girl is walking off the stage
take into one's family or group
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
Two people are riding a bike
A surfer is surfing a small wave
An interview is being granted by the man
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
a member of a police force.
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
The person is playing with a skull
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
The panda is eating bamboo
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
two spotted dogs are running through a field
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
A man is singing passionately
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
There is no person slicing a potato
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
examine minutely; search diligently
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
A woman is mixing eggs
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
glean or gather natural products
an instance of halting some motion
A girl dances like a man in costume
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
A woman is playing a flute
A man and a woman kiss.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
There is no light brown dog running up a street
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
The dogs are running in the snow.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A man is sitting in the rain
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
A person is slicing a piece of bread
make ready for action or use.
Many people run in a race on a street.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
the activity of examining or assessing something
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A man is putting some food in a container
the act of perceiving a scent
A young couple is not lying in bed
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
Black train idle on the tracks.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
The man is eating potato slices
The crowd is watching a football game
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
A man is walking a woman through the woods
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
a black dog digging through the snow.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
There is no person playing a piano
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
People walk along on the street.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A small boy is standing in the forest
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
the act of pressing together firmly
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
A couple is looking at a street guide
The man is handling a gun
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A black dog running on a beach.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
The man is pacing around a room
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
be a signal for or a symptom of.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
A group of people is on a mountain
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
a general trait or characteristic of something
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
There is no woman dancing near a fire
A man is doing pull-ups
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
There is no man spitting
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
A group of people are dancing in a show
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
recover posession or get back again
The kid is sliding in the snow
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
indicate a decision in regard to.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
The brown dog is running in the snow
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A dog leaping over a chain.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
The man is being knocked off of a horse
The plane is landing
A woman is cooking prawns
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
There is no man walking outside
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Two dog play in the snow.
Someone is cleaning an animal
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
fix or set securely or deeply.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
the finger next to the thumb.
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
A dog in in a car.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
The dog runs through the snow.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A lemur is eating quickly
There are no men sawing
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
One man is riding a horse
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
The brown dog is running across the sand.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
Two people are wading through the water
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
Someone is not playing piano
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
The girl is on a swing.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Three children playing in snow.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
A woman is sitting in the water.
There is no cat swinging on a fan
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
There is no boy checking a calendar
make or become less strict or severe
The man is hiking in the woods
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
cover with liquid before cooking.
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
take in (mentally or physically)
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A black and white dog running between poles.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
oppose with equal weight or force
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
a military fortification, stronghold
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
The brown dog is jumping in the air
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
Black and white dog running through water.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
the state or fact of being an owner.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
be opposite.
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
A person is not chopping an onion
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A girl is playing on a toy phone
A brown dog runs through the grass.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Three children playing in hay
A man is being roped before a climb
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
The black dog is running through the grass.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
decide upon or fix definitely.
travel across or pass over.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
An old man sitting down watching something.
move into and stay in a particular position
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
how something is done or how it happens.
a dog napping under a small table.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
four people are on a boat on green water.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A dog shaking water off.
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
provide veterinary care for.
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
cause animals to move
A small monkey is walking in the river
A woman is stroking a lemur
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
fluctuate, move back and forth
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
The dog is not catching a blue ball
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A dog is barking at a ball
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
A man is slicing butter
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
Two women are dancing
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
A girl is messing up her hair
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
Two dogs playing in snow.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
piece (something old) with a new part.
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
The drums are being played by the man
A black dog is jumping out of water.
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
The woman is seasoning the oil
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
A man is shooting with a weapon
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A boy is playing an instrument
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
A keyboard is being played by a person
Three dogs running in the dirt.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A red, double-decker bus.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
A dog is opening a can of food
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
Two cats are fighting each other
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
A man is jumping onto a low wall
A man's face is being painted by a woman
A girl playing on a parachute.
A man is eating some food
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
(cause to) survive
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
write all the required information
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
A little girl on a kid swing.
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
mark with a scar.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
The man is playing a game on the grass
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Someone is falling off the horse
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
mold for casting, setting concrete
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
remove a constituent from a liquid.
the act of making up your mind about something.
A person is holding up an electronic device
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
The dog plays in the park.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
A man is emptying a plastic container
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
A little boy is in a tire
let or cause to fall in drops.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
get the meaning of something.
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
have faith or confidence in.
the activity of leading.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
A woman is cutting shrimps
initiation, founding, introduction of something
the general impression or appearance of something
A woman is playing an electric guitar
a group of people appointed to a committee
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
Boys are dancing in front of some people
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
The woman is cooking eggs
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A person is drawing some figures
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
the state of being controlled or governed.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
A dog is playing in water.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A piano is being played by a man
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
A man is planting a tree
use resources or materials
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
end of the American Revolution
There is no man shooting a shotgun
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Black bird standing on concrete.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
A woman is cutting meat
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
Children are playing in ground fountains
orient, be positioned
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
cover or swamp with water.
a type of military aircraft
the act of admitting someone to enter.
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
No people is sitting around a fire at night
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
A man is stopping a horse
make an incision or separation
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
the act of putting something in a certain place.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
gain points in a game.
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
A man is carefully climbing a rope
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
A person is spreading butter on a tray
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
A girl slides down a purple slide.
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
sink to a lower level; descend
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
The man is riding a horse by a creek
the forceful hit of a ball
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
Carrots are being grated by a woman
(cause to) become even or level
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
a short account of the news.
There is no man speaking on a podium
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
A guitar is being played by a baby
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
Two dogs on the beach.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
A baby is crawling happily
become broader or wider or more extensive.
provoke or stir up.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
The man is jumping into the water.
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
A man is cutting a box
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
connect with; reach a target or goal
edge tool used in shaving.
Understand the meaning of something.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
Two women are talking
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
a black and white cow in hay.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
There is no couple running towards the ocean
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
an actor who plays a principal role.
A multi-colored train on a track.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
A light brown dog is running in the water
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A person is cutting some ginger
a reason for wanting something done.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
a strong current of air.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
One white dog is staring at the black street
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
A dog in the snow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
show consideration for; take into account.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
cause (someone) to undergo something.
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
make or be a summary
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
communicate or signal with a flag.
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
A parrot is speaking
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
A dog runs through the grass.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
Two children are playing in the surf
Three children are running up hill
A woman pointing at a geyser.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
signal by winking.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
the length of time of a temporary cessation
a project or undertaking
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
remove substances from a liquid or solution
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
change the key of, in music.
make up something artificial or untrue.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
a boat floats in the water.
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
make a certain noise or sound.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
someone who takes photographs professionally.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
be in direct physical contact with
A box is being cut by a man
behave in a certain manner.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
The monkey is practicing martial arts
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
The woman is playing an electric guitar
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
A boy is playing a guitar
A blond girl is riding the waves
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
A dalmation is running along the beach.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A group of people having their picture taken.
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
A field of black faced sheep.
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
A young man is talking to a leaf
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
There is no man reading an email
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
A man is shaking a drink
flow, as of liquids
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
make sense of, give meaning to
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A person on a bmx bike.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
the activity of putting something in written form.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
the relation of comprising something.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
a dog pounces on the grass.
to say, state, or perform again.
A dog and cat laying down together.
make a written note of.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
a problem, something wrong
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
A boy standing on a beach.
The men are playing soccer
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
Write a computer programme.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
a boat moving in a river.
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
A dog walks through the snow.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
A person is not playing the keyboard
cover with or as if with a cloak.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
(cause to) meet or intersect
to hunt snipe
A man is sky surfing on the water.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A brown dog running through the woods.
Different teams are resting on a field
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A person is peeling an onion
A man is driving a car
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
Two men are standing in deep water
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
settle or deal with something
being in a protected state or condition
put or introduce into something.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
A white dog runs on the sand.
There is no man slicing a tomato
Nobody is brushing a cat
hit or return before it touches the ground
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
render one language in another language
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
The dog is having a rest in the living room
A person is reading the email
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
There is no man peeling an onion
to put down by force or authority.
Remove by rubbing
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
bring in to consonance
a specified portion of a whole
People in costumes are sitting in the street
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
the actors in a play.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
burn slightly to affect color
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
Preserve in a tin or jar.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
A couple is looking at a map
the act of reasoning, cogitation
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
People riding something in the snow.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
make a loud noise, as an animal
the state of being suspected.
the front face of a building
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
Many people are skating in an ice park
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
A dog is playing with a toy
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
A door is being opened by a man
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
A woman is slicing an onion
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
A man is not playing a guitar
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
A flute is being played by the man
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
cause to lean to the side.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
Some persons are singing
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
A black dog walks through some water.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
act of distributing
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
A dog racing on a track.
a cause or source of harm
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
A woman is cutting butter
A classroom is empty
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
the apparent condition or state of something
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
A woman is putting away a carrot
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A cow is eating hay
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
The man is playing a guitar
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
The woman is playing a flute
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
a casual, brief meeting with someone
come into the possession of.
Two dogs run through the brush.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
have or exploit a monopoly of.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
the state of being in working order
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
People is standing against a wall
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
the act of cracking something.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
repeat; reestablish or begin again
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
increase the volume of.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
A young girl is standing on one leg
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
something that attains victory
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
an aptitude that may be developed.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A dog is playing on the green grass
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
to wind or move in a spiral course.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
A man and woman blow bubbles.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
Physically attach to something.
A man is cutting a bun
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
The man is silent and still
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
The person is not writing with a pencil
A man is playing a guitar on stage
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
Man and child skiing.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
pass into a specified state or condition.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
People ride up an escalator.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
cause to appear in a new form.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A passenger train sits in the station.
the act of creating an artistic work
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
A person is doing a trick with some cards
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
interfere with someone else's activity
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
draw advantages from.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
A person is sitting on a mountain top
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
Birds fly low over water.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
Two boys are running around a field.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
Train in a station.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
A man is speaking on a podium
People sitting on the porch.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
A skateboarder on a city street.
equip with a fuse
move or establish in a new location.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
A brown dog walks through snow.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
The black dog plays in the snow.
free from obligations, service or confinement
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
A brown dog running through grass.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
The basketball player holds the ball.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
A woman is using a sewing machine
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
come as if by falling.
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
A small dog runs through a field.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
A man is preparing some dish
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Two dogs in the snow
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
A guitar is being played by a man
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
the property of copious abundance.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
Two children are playing flag football together.
The train sits at the train station.
an unofficial association of people or groups.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
fix to; attach.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
recite as a chant, intone
the concluding section of a communication
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
An animated airplane is landing
Men are running a race
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
Two trains inside a train station.
The badger is burrowing a hole
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
An airplane is flying through the air
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
make or become harder
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
club or association of people with a shared interest
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
A skateboarder on a ramp.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
A boy is happily playing the piano
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
any cause or source of great suffering
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
(the content of) a communication.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
become the owner or posessor of something
A woman is being caged for the dance
fertilize and cause to grow.
A keyboard is being played by a man
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
raise in rank, character, or status.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
make tracks on a surface
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
Someone is putting away a keyboard
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
hold or place in equilibrium
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
Two teams are competing in a football match
A person is planting a tree
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
the tactile (touch) quality something has
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
do lacework.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
the rescue or release of someone, something
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
Women pointing at a geyser.
There is no man reading the email
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
A woman is being measured by another woman
break from a meeting or gathering.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
The man is racing for the lead 
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
A boy is running through the grass
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
People are riding two camels on the sand
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
A boy waves around a sparkler.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Two cats are lying together
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
A few people are singing
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
A man is parking a motorbike
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
make unfit or unsuitable.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
A white dog running on sand.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
A dog is not running towards a ball
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
look through a book or other written material.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
A little girl is playing a guitar
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
A woman is frying fish
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
the upper part of anything.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
A person is holding a skunk
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
White dog outside with two people in background.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
The man is putting chicken into the container
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
pass over, across, or through.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
Two dogs running down a beach.
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
the act of having and controlling property.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A girl is waking up
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
the act of suction
A rider is surfing the wave
There is no woman slicing a fish
Cook in cream or using cream.
where you live at a particular time.
The man is talking on the telephone
There is no man driving a car
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
A pizza is being eaten by a man
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
move back and forth or sideways.
consider as part of something.
make noise like bad engine
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
There is no man slicing potatoes
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
A person is wrapping up an onion
collect discarded or refused material.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
A light brown dog is running up a street
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
A bottle is being licked by the cat
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
provide or supply with water
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
A man in a small city is doing charity work
Two cows cross a paved street.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
A animal is grazing in a field
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
A girl riding a tan horse.
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A black dog jumping into a lake.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
Two poodles are running through the snow.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
There are no children playing on a statue
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
A person is not playing a keyboard
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
the crown of a flowering plant
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
A woman is slicing a carrot
the act of lifting something
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A man is playing a harp
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
A brown dog is jumping in the air
cite as an authority; resort to.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
The man is running on the road
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
take up with the tongue.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
heat metal prior to working it
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
close with a snapping motion.
A young man with a beard at an event.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
A man is jumping rope outside
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
The person is trotting on the horse
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
There is no person cutting some ginger
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
rightful portion or stake of something
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
show submission or fear.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
give an interpretation or rendition of.
A bird flies across the water.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
There is no woman coating a pork chop
There is no man dancing on the road
make or become longer
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
A young boy falls off his bike.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
to become aware of through the senses.
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
The man is wildly dancing
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
acknowledge a contribution or cause
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
A man is cutting onions
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
Two young women shear a sheep.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
the act of projecting out from something.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
a dog jumps into the water.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
A group of men are playing ball together.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
people go up the escalator.
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
anything with the form of a thin strip
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
There is no clown singing
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
Swimmers are racing in a lake
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
a dog runs through the water.
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
The piano is being played by a man
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
A small cat is lying on a bed
A group of football players is standing still in the field
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
two woman sit on a park bench.
A man is strolling in the rain
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
A few men are playing cricket
There is no team playing soccer
a citizen of ancient Troy
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
the essence or gist of something
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
Two dogs running through sand.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
A man is massaging a woman
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A woman is receiving volleyballs
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
an approximated amount of something
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
Discipline in personal or social activities.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
the act of putting a preparation on something.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
A man and a woman on a bench.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
Four people are performing music outdoors
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
Two men are fighting
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
a caress with the lips
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
A woman is boiling noodles in water
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
The man is painting
the rotating motion of an object
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
A man running on a track.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
the act of concealing or disguising
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
a process of development, increase or advancement
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
assign a new time and place for an event.
The children are playing in front of a large door
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
drag loosely along a surface, trail
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
make less severe or strict.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
A man is running on the road
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
A man is drawing a picture
A woman is slicing an octopus
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
do over, make new
The man is riding a horse
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
There is no man doing pull-ups
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
There is no surfer riding the wave
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
to distribute systematically or strategically.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
A tiger is sitting
move in circles.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
A dog runs through sand.
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
the activity of providing supplies
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
the disclosure of something secret.
A woman is talking to a man
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
an expanse of land
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
Cars racing on a dirt track
A passenger train coming into a station.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A woman is not peeling a potato
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
The status of being champion.
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
direct the course of; manage or control.
A man and a woman are having a conversation
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
The woman is playing the flute
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
There is no dog barking at a ball
put an end to.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
A woman is not boiling shrimps
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
any affliction that causes great suffering.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
raise to a higher energy level.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A tan dog is resting in the snow
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
The man is cutting cooked octopus
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
A man is idling
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
the act of providing help or aid to someone
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
combine so as to form a more complex product
There is no window being cleaned by a man
A woman is not cutting shrimps
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
A dog is emerging from a lake
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A man stands in front of a train.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
travel; make a tour of a place
the amount by which something decreases.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
take something or someone away from somewhere
owned territory of a sovereign government
to interrupt, enter uninvited
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
the state of being excluded.
any new participant in some activity.
A man is lumping dough
use up the whole supply of.
travel along a zigzag path.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
A small bird on a tiny branch.
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
Amount that can be contained
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
The tan horse is in the pasture.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
a retail store with merchandise for sale
A white dog runs on the grass.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
The black dog is climbing on a rock
have faith in, bet on
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
a dog runs through the woods.
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
A man on a bike in mid-air
support a person for a position.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
A brown dog running after a young cow.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
The deer is jumping over the fence
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
like better; value more highly.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
The white dog is running along the beach.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
give new life or energy to.
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
the state of being excommunicated.
Little girl jumping in water puddle
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
A young man is sitting on a bench
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
A group of men is fighting
alter by chemical means, to make images.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
A man is arranging the garden
conform to a metrical pattern.
A kid is splashing in the pool
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
A clown is singing
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
A person is cutting an onion
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
The band is singing 
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
the act of contacting one thing with another.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A person is folding a tortilla
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
It is raining on a walking man
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
allow the passage of air through.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
A black dog running through the snow.
A snow slide is full of kids
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
A little boy is topless and is serious
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
take up or begin anew.
The flute is being played by a woman
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
a man doing a trick on skateboard
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
A race care driving along a dirt road.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
an inherent aptitude or talent
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
hit a fly (baseball)
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
The man is denying an interview
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
A boy is talking to a leaf
Black and brown table in living room setting.
This dog is jumping through the water.
The act of testing something.
A young female is dancing
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
an electronic memory device.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
The guitar is being played by a kid
cover with a protective sheathing.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A girl is drawing a man
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
remove from a contest or race.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
A man is driving a motorbike
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A white dog running through the snow
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
the translation of an opus from one language to another
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
The lady is eating slices of meat
form an impenetrable cover over.
tie or fasten into a knot.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
provide with a toggle or toggles.
take or capture by force.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
A man is idling on the floor
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A woman is rowing a boat
The men are talking
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
The upper part of a column.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
A boy is playing guitar
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
make a tour of a certain place.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
reach or come to rest.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
obtain or provide money for.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
A white dog jumps into a pool.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
a brown and white dog swimming in water
Some men are playing rugby
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
censure severely or angrily.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
a mental grasp or understanding of something
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
act of applying force
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
There is no man standing next to a bus
A girl in white is dancing
The man is seasoning the meat
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
two dogs running in the snow
There is no man pointing at a car
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
the state of being retained
the act of climbing something.
A man is riding a horse on the beach
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
feel the strong need to eat
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
a problem.
emit a brief burst of light.
A woman is cooking fish
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A man is holding up an electronic device
A boy is playing on a toy
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
A man is playing two keyboards
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
A person is dicing an onion
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
A band is performing on a stage
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
the act of starting something.
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
ascribe or place in association with
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A man is riding a mechanical bull
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
person who manages money in board games
the amount that can be contained.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A jet is not flying
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
A person is dancing
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
There is no man eating a banana
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
The woman is poking holes in the potato
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
make more common, uniform or general
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
an unforeseen development.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
A biker is naked
move, transfer or carry something or someone
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
The men are not playing soccer
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
The man is operating a stenograph
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
the close approach of one object to another
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
face and withstand with courage.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
a white dog running in the snow
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
behave in a condescending manner
the first part or section of something.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
A rhino is grazing in a field
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
move faster, or cause to move faster
A woman in riding a brown horse.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
The woman is putting away a flute
A plane is taking off
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
Physically raise from a lower position.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
A man is dropping the guitar
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A boy is playing a piano
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
create a new entity by putting components or members together
the identification or the realization of something
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
A black dog retrieves a bird.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
a consequence, outcome or result of something
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
The man is doing floor exercises
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
the state of owing something (especially money).
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
Improve by pruning or polishing
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
the act of sucking.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
The person is painting
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
incline from a vertical position
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
There is no woman dancing in a cage
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
A dog is licking a baby
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A duck floating in the water.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
The piece of paper is not being cut
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
give up right or possession to another
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
a boundary area or edge of something
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
A woman is slicing a fish
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
make or become wider or more extensive
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
strike the air in flight.
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
be relevant or pertinent
the act of escaping physically.
A man is slicing tomatoes
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Two children are rolling in dirty water
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
Four people are floating on a raft
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
remove the husks from.
put an end to a state or an activity.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
A dog is standing on a mountain
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
The kitten is playing with a toy
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
a boy swinging on a swing.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
The fish are immobile
The boy is checking a calendar
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
the chief executive of a republic.
A man is silent
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
abstain from eating or from certain foods
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
a casual or unexpected convergence.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
There is no man fishing in the river
A piano isn't being played by a man
A dog running through the water.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
make or become brighter or lighter
People are walking through a crowded street
A podium is where a man is speaking
Some racers are running down a track
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
Three bottles are on a table.
a dog trots through the grass.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
Someone is drawing a person
One man is passionately playing the guitar
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
A dog splashing in the water.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
activity of selling
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A person is eating a cut onion
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
perform or supervise a ritual
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
There is no dog leaping in the air
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
A black dog is running in snow.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
A man is talking
look furtively.
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
terminate, end, or take out.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
take in marriage.
a state of exposure to harm
Nobody is playing with a toad
turning or twisting around (in place).
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
come up, as of a liquid.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A brown dog in a field.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
The man is a guitar player
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
A boy is looking at a calendar
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
become aware of through the senses
There is no man playing a harp
A tiger cub is roaring
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
make (more) comprehensible
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
a woman with a big necklace.
Train pulling into a station.
A large flute is being played by a man
luggage compartment of a car
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
Two men standing on beach.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
There is no man eating some food
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
cause to become violent or angry.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
the act of changing the location of something.
the act of adding one thing to another.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
the act of explaining or defending something
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
Two men are not holding fishing poles
A woman is deboning a fish
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
Somebody is playing the guitar
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
Dogs are running on a track
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
The man is climbing up a rope
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
A black dog standing in a field.
positively-charged center part of an atom
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
A small boy is scolding a dog
unite; merge with something already in existence
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Children play fight with swords.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
cause to skip over a surface.
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
There is no woman peeling a potato
A mental state of sadness.
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
a group of young men sing out together.
The woman is cutting a carrot
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
a dog sprints across the water.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
spare in quality or quantity
Man playing game in a store.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
correct by punishment or discipline.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
There is no dog looking around
an approximate definition or example.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
Some food is being fried by a woman
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
Two dogs are shaking water off.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
the height of the sea's surface
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
The person is riding the horse
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
a group of dogs playing
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
The cats are playing with each other
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
The baby is laughing and crawling
attract; cause to be enamored.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
a sudden outburst.
(cause to) be overlaid with something
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
assembled group of spectators at a performance
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
a unit cost of something
Two people are riding motorbikes
There is no woman standing near three children
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A boy is sitting on the ground
the act of clipping, cutting
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
the quality of being useful for something
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
A dog running on the beach
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
an aggregation of things or people
A man is roasting a snake
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A person is cutting some mushrooms
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
A woman is jumping rope outside
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
A man is not cutting a potato
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
believe to be the case.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
Two girls walking in the ocean.
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
state of being active, bustling about
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
A man is climbing up a rope
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A man is getting into a car
Two men in a running contest.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
make something more diverse or varied
The man is cooking slices of potato
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
Three women are standing still
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
cause to assume a condition
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
The man is on the ride with the horse
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
become long or longer.
A man is walking outside
Red double decker bus on side of street.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
the political head of city government
the state of being in contact
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
find, determine the place of
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
The man is playing the flute
the act of turning, rotating an object
Some men are resting
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
head of a country
The boy is spraying the plants with water
a body of students who are taught together.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
refer for judgment or consideration.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
cause to move, cause to be moved
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A horse is not racing
move very fast.
The man isn't doing a magic trick
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
give a structure to.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
Two white dogs running in grass.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
a distinctive style of clothing
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
Two children are shown upside down.
The woman is drawing a man
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
a section of a composition, textual or musical
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
A person is standing near a motorcycle
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
A person is playing a keyboard
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
A woman is arranging her hair
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
administrator, one who controls resources
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
A person riding a dirt bike.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
Sign language is being used by a young girl
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The human act of making something new.
Two dogs running on the shore.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
A musician is playing a keyboard
prove to be false or incorrect.
A white puppy is biting a pole
Grass is being mowed by a man
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
Some water is being drunk by a cat
Two children playing in the snow.
extend in a different direction.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
The person is boiling noodles
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
A skateboarder doing a jump.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
the trade of a funeral director.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
hit before it touches the ground.
cause to come into existence; create
A woman is cutting a vegetable
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
There is no man opening a door
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
A woman is frying meat
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
The black dog is running through the grass
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
The dog is running across the gravel
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
visual representation sketched by hand
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
go one's own way; move apart.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
A person is making a bed
A woman is restraining the dog
The man is talking about the telephone
A girl poses with her head upside down.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
cause to move by pulling.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
Young boys play touch football.
the state of being in effect or being operative.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
cause to make a snapping sound.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
A man is getting into an automobile
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
the act of grasping into one's arms
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
A man is working on the computer
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
amount of time that something is postponed
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
the act of selecting or picking something
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
something with no concrete substance.
Nobody is beating an egg
overcome with amazement.
an aggressive willingness to compete.
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
A man and a woman are smiling.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
have sexual intercourse with.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
the state of being connected.
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
Two dogs are running through the park
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
Increase the acoustic volume of.
Four children on stools in a diner.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
The boy is not playing the piano
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
There is no woman playing a guitar
build, make by combining materials or parts
Three goats are chased by a dog.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
the state of being employed or having a job.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A brown dog is standing in a lake
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
The black dog is running through the snow.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
give suck to.
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
A baby is crying
A person is slicing an onion
apply a plaster cast to.
A boy is sitting in a seat
A large white crane is flying far above the water
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
A man is riding a motorbike
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
employ or become employed in a position
a separate and self-contained entity.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
Two men are playing guitar
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
run at a moderately swift pace.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
a sudden emotional vocalization
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
transfer from one place or period to another.
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
gather, as of natural products.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
The people are standing at a carnival
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
Someone is playing a piano
the state of taking in or encircling.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
A man is diving off a cliff
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
Two dogs running in a field.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
covering for a bed
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
move along on wheels
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A man is firing a shotgun
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
appoint to clerical posts
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A girl is skipping rope in a park
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
the act of applying force suddenly.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
the act of substituting one thing for another
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
an allotment or percentage of something
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
A girl is doing a manicure
A little girl is selling a scooter
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
There is no water being drunk by a cat
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
A dog catching a ball.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
A white cat laying on an office chair.
maintain with or as if with a bet.
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
make hard or harder.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
ride a motorcycle.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
A dog in a car.
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
adapt to a specified measurement.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
A dog is running on the beach
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
There is no person boiling noodles
formally announce the termination of an agreement
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
a bus driving in a street.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
(Literally) sound with resonance.
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
A large bird is flying through the air.
Two women in a sailboat.
The man is rock climbing
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
cause to move back and forth.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
A woman is chopping onions
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
approach a certain age or speed.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
A man is freeing a fish
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
be a factor or play a role in something
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
a bird lands in the water.
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
Two people are driving a motorcycle
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
A woman picking up a large rock.
The person is writing with a pencil
An aircraft is taking off
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
A kid is playing guitar
face an event and survive; endure
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A side view of a horse's head.
A person is holding a frog
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
a stovetop, cooking appliance
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
An airplane is taking off
the event of something being raised upward.
A man is walking down a road
Two boxers are in the ring.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
The animal with big eyes is eating
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
A golden dog plays in the snow
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
state of being unclothed, naked
define; determine essential qualities of
Two black dogs run through a field.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
two dogs running on the beach
an event that causes someone to die.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
A woman is adding spices to some meat
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
The appropriate or desirable thing.
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
the act of choosing or selecting.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
The dog is running into a brown light
urge with or as if with a goad.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A happy baby is laughing
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
an offer of marriage.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
provide with rails.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
the event of something ending.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
The man is playing a harp
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A man is being roped by a climber
give a neat appearance to, neaten
cause to turn on an axis or center.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
clean, wash thoroughly
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
a store or supply of something
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
A tiger is not walking around
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
start suddenly, as if from fright
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
A man is standing shirtless in the street
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
require or need something that is missing
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
the action of extending outwards
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
A man is riding a water toy in the water
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
Remove water from a substance.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
The act of talking about the features of something.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
strike as if by whipping.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
A man is buttering a piece of bread
A person is not frying meat in a pan
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
estimate the value of.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
A man is riding the animal
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
throw quickly, flick
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
A deer is jumping over a wall
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
The black and white dog is running indoors
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
cause to spread in another part of the world.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
Several children playing in a ball pit.
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
react to a stimulus or command.
the processing or operation of something
become due for repayment.
start suddenly, as from fright.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
A little black dog is running on the snow.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A woman is dancing gracefully
the act of raising something.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
give a performance (of something).
Two people are sailing a small boat.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
a relative loss in price, value
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
surround completely.
the trait of being well behaved.
The woman is waterskiing
throw with force or recklessness.
give a neat appearance to.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
either half of an archery bow
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
The man is drawing a gun
A woman is firing at target practice
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
A brown dog running
the motion of one object relative to another.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
There is no panda climbing
Two children are climbing a tree
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
elevated wooden porch of a house
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
leave undone or leave out
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
The person is eating
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
Four people are walking on the beach
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
A man is dancing on the floor
The man is aiming a gun
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
A boy is staring at a calendar
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
a reproduction or physical representation of something
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
A backpack standing beside a train.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
the money
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
the act of drawing or hauling something.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
line, cover
Two cars are racing down the track
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
A man blowing a large bubble.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
An onion is being sliced
There is no man mixing
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
A man is playing soccer
A woman is cooking eggs
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A brown dog runs near the water.
(cause to) move around
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
Two dogs play by a tree.
give someone credit for something.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
The lady is slicing up the meat
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
make the surface of level or smooth.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
Two men are not taking a break from construction
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
get rid of as if by submerging.
assign to or arrange into categories
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
The parrot is talking into the microphone
the act of administering medication.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
A woman resting her face on her hand.
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
retreat or move from a position, relocate
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
The piece of paper is being cut
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
A man is erasing some figures
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
infer or believe to be the case
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
A woman is tapping her fingers
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
Two girls are sitting on the ground
twice the quantity or amount of something
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
The kid is still in the snow
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A person is riding an old motorcycle
The woman is poking a potato
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
Dogs in a race.
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A married couple is walking up the aisle
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
The woman is looking at the view of a city
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
an attempt to get something.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
open again or anew.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
The kitten is not playing with a toy
The white dog runs across the snow.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
remove or force out from a position.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
capital stock in a corporation
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
rein in a horse to lose a race
the role of the head of a government department.
A kitten is getting bored
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
A white dog is running on sand.
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
The turtle is following the fish
perform a duty
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
A woman is eating a cupcake
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
the occupants of a floor.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
return to a former condition.
A dog is running in the snow.
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
Some children are playing on a statue
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
The man is doing exercises
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
A dog standing in the water.
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
Two small children walking in a field.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
government income due to taxation.
Two young children are eating corndogs
get involved or mixed-up with.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
the act of moving, turning something
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
Two dogs are playing on the beach
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
make a mess of or create disorder in.
a single chance or instance.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
A woman is slicing a tomato
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
A group of football players is running in the field
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
a dog shews on a big stick.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
The woman is not walking the dog
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
Brown dog running on grass.
A group of dogs racing.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
an onerous worry or concern
There is no man riding a horse
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
have a logical result
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
A man is throwing away a guitar
The woman is dicing onions
There are no men fighting
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
Two teams are playing soccer
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
The woman is putting makeup on the man
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
become inflated.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
A man is standing still
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
A man is cracking eggs
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
the act of intentionally omitting something
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
the act of testing something.
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
There is no man praying
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Three cows grazing in a field.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
There is no dog chasing a ball
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
incite action, cause an event
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
the act of designating or identifying something.
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A dog zips along the beach.
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
stretch out completely.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
have or be covered with bristles
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
to cause to become quiet
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
A man is puking
Two persons are shaking hands
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
The man is cutting a paper plate
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
a social gesture of deferential greeting
make high-pitched sounds.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
the alleviation of distress
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
People are sitting at tables in a red room
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
make or become more narrow or restricted.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
A dog is walking away from a baby
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
accuse formally of a crime.
Some paper is being cut
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A child in water.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
A man is recklessly riding a horse
(Cause to) smell bad.
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
A group of men play rugby.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
cause to regain consciousness.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A few men are dancing
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
A little girl is shoveling snow.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
A woman is washing her feet
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
Three women are resting in a village
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
put under the control of the federal government
A dog running through snow.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
The dog is running on grass.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
make a ticking sound
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
act or move at high speed.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
A woman is breaking eggs
sound sharply or shrilly.
A little white dog running through the sand.
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
A large green ball is hitting a potato
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
An unforseen development.
Child sliding in the snow.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
jolt of electrical current to the body
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
There is no woman combing her hair
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
Left side of a silver train engine.
The men are fist fighting in a ring
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
disregard, fail to attend to
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
Two pandas are not lying together
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
place or put on the ground.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Two dogs playing by the shore.
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
The log is lying on the panda bear
A girl is jumping.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
A woman is coating a pork chop
A black climber is rocking a dog
A man is punching a soccer ball
cause to come out in a squirt.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
A paper plate is being cut by a man
A girl is not playing the guitar
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
A dog plays in the water.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
There is no cat playing keyboards
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
a sporting match, boxing
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
A man is cutting a paper plate
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
A woman is looking curiously at a man
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A man is exercising
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
group of people defined by a specific profession
The scuba diver is underwater.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
Make sure of.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
A man is getting off the car
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
employ or utilize, put into service
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
protect with or as if with a shield
the event of gradually vanishing from view
A woman and three men are denying a photo
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
the act of giving a false appearance.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Someone is cleansing an animal
form schemes in an underhand manner
A man is shooting with a bow
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
bring into being.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
the act of retaining something.
Some men are running a race
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Four boys sit in the mud.
the root or base form of a word
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
bring to a certain pressure
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
A woman is cutting tofu
issue an order.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
Two girls jump out of swings.
The guitar is being played by the man
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
the state of being joined or united or linked.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
A little girl is playing the piano
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The man isn't lifting weights
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
Nobody is feeding an animal
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
smell by inhaling through the nose
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A baby is sitting
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
Engrave by means of dots.
clean with hard rubbing.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
The woman is not dancing
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
A person is driving the white car
make a clicking or ticking sound.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
The drums are being played by a man
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
An electronic man is held as a device
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
A tan and white dog runs through water.
The man is driving a car carefully
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
There is no man eating food
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
measure the depth of a body of water
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
A young woman dressed in black.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
There is no man playing a flute
turn from an upright/normal position
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
the force by which one object attracts another.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
remove to or from a place or situation
Two dogs running in the woods.